came in, pencil is missing. not an auspicious start to the day :(
you im freaking tired
Woke up from a dream that included the Da Silva twins and the Reapers. No idea.
and I are on our way to #PAWS Chicago to pick up a couple puppies to foster! So excited!
Weather feels great
should be!!! The sun is starting to shine!!!
Getting ready to tee off in Warrensburg Schools Foundation Golf Tournament
#celebratethemovies Airplane! came out when we were in high school and my friends and I laughed non-stop.
#Kings staying in #Sacramento. Very exciting day for all of Sacramento! #HereWeStay!
JOIN US ~ New color photography exhibition by Pete McCutchen opening TODAY from 6-8:30pm! Come check it out!
Sitting next to you doing absolutely nothing, means absolutely everything to me <U+2665>
That's good because I was about to give you a whole history lesson upon who they are.
Maybe kissing is sort of like natureMy coffee
get at me for the production
That's true, ROH does need a identity.
07/18/2011 - Girl Scouts Twilight Camp Come and have fun, make new friends and learn new songs and games.
Couldn't have wished for more perfect #chicago weather. No way am I staying inside.
you = understand ? nerd : normal;
You're forgiven :-)
stop being annoying
Serious Party Animals! : I think should get an award for most social butterflies in one room for dinner.
hey guys! Hope we can work together and make a fun video to show how delicious Firehouse subs are. Let me know :)
Im confused
peking restaurant saved from a violent & grisly death tonight. promise me chinese then fall asleep? HELL no. luckily they deliver.
Vaguely intrigued by these archivist job postings in Alaska. If I lived there, I think I'd have to marry a salmon fisherman, right?
US was big winner cause France tried invading the US thru Mexico, so it bought them some time
When i get done cleaning , ima call him .
Shorts (super short) and a nice tank top maybe my glitter one
We are working with to make it happen!
That does sound like a good time!
Have fun! We miss you... and your dance moves to 90's on 9. Salt and Pepa just won't be the same.
I am not tired at all right now.
#Badgers get four points out of one possession - a FT from Wilson, an O-board from Brueser and then a three from Taylor. 46-40 now.
It's basically the tone of most articles now. Saying that he is at most a gimmick for any other team.
left right right left left left right right
good morning baby where u been at :(
Working on "Leadership: The Master Plan" with Bob in our Southern Office.
If people would worry about being #successful more than worrying about who #unfollowed them...they would be UnBroke!
Ridin round wit that nina !!!! Smokin on that kiesha!!!!
Well the Strip Club Song is finish. I just gotta mix it up. Also, I did the hook for that concept called I'ma need that there. "Lope"
I disagree! After that epic choke in 2008, he'd just be breaking even! Go Giants!
We also have our famous pot roast on our buffet today! Plenty of options! We're open until 2 for lunch and from 5:30-9:00 for dinner.
His accent was terrible, but it was a lovely moment to watch. We'll have to make some bilingual recordings for baby D.
Happy Fathers Day
LOVE that you are using the title of my movie "Media Malpractice," but can I at least get a shout out? ;-)
Thank you for following me!!! =)
If you don't do what's best for your body, you're the one who comes up on the short end. - Julius Erving
Thanks! Looks good by the way..
Train engineer said it was a "fatality". So sad.
in honor of the weekend, which Founding Father had the best wig/hair?We've made a lot of Ben Franklin's, so we're biased- what do you think?
Great! We gave you some link love. :)
she is otta line!
you two mash well. Your good for each others soul!
The hashtag for those who couldn't attend #ala11 is
Have you been following the week's literacy events with Gov Hickenlooper and Lt. Gov Garcia? They are reading in lots of places in CO!
nope- it's all lost. NO idea how it happened. I saved it lots throughout the day then tried moving it to another folder and it
I believe that data, alone, does little to improve tchg & learning. It's what educators DO with that data that impacts tchg & learning.
will you marry me?
omg... you cant just talk about me like that on twitter... at least DM message me lol. jk
CBEADLES FACT: Christian had a fetish for shoes:O he has over 100 pairs of shoes
Remember me? :D
It sure is a good one!
Welcome us to the Twitter Community!
nice have fun with that!:)
where are you headed?
It feels so good 2 b home...
Head out to TEMPTATION TUESDAY @ BlueMoon next Tuesday! I'll be spinning some massive beats u won't wanna miss! Check my FB 4 drinkspecials
Trombone for the win! Nice!
Rev. Huckabee, you play with Ted Nugent, you ever read the lyrics to "Cat Scratch Fever"?: I make the pussy purr with The stroke of my hand
This season of #BehindTheMusic has been real good. Maybe it's just the fact they're doing artist who changed the game. *Shrugs*
Timmy just made one of the top 3 saves I have ever seen...hands down.
The offense can't get any more dismal.
Got tickets to see T.I. in 4 minutes! Are you listening? - Dustin
oh whats that you said? You love me too? Omg awe :)
exactly how long does it take for them 2 not take ur sacrifices for granted though...can they start remembering oh say...NOW;)
I MISS U ALL
Looking forward to at tomorrow. It's a one-man Macbeth done with voices/characters from "The Simpsons." Neat!
What percentage of men would date a Cool, cute faced girl with an average to good body if her head was buzzed like NP in V for Vendetta?
#phd?? awesome
Why you not doin nothing RT : On some bored shit
He's still there. Just slackin'
My 250th Tweet! GO HAWKS!
I Have The E3 Flasher But I Prefer Your Jailbreak Better...Cant Wait Till You Release It!
Following the Badger press corps, sounds like the WRs are killing Stave w/drops, like one every series.
“ #Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall”
Great to mee...I mean see you last night. :) Let's catch up again soon.
#HappyMothersDay Rest In Peace to all the mothers who didn't get a chance to see this day <3
Puberty clearly went right for One Direction.
<U+2764>If you don\'t know where you\'re going, any road will take you there. - Lewis Carroll (Alice in Wonderland)<U+2764>
just watched lucky one with and I am madly in love once again! thank you
My band omg I hate them so much
Group 7, Citizen Engagement and Neighborhoods: social media personalizes citizen participation and the way people experience...
No school for me,
YOU SAW THAT GUY?
Steelers should draft a decent goalie to back up Flower.
do you hear any privacy concerns from educators about using google apps?
#HBCUFollowTrain if you plan on buying rent with your refund hahaha
well we have less therapists now :(
Well said Ax...
no i didnt! But yes! :)
Forward Calendar - US corporate bond new issues - Reuters
This weeks latest "Best of" Fla girls #soccer nominee announced soon. IS IT YOU? Send recommendations to
I wanna go back to sleep. But since I'm already to go to school , I can't :(
SLIfoundation.org.....visit me on facebook. St. Lucia Island Foundation
really that easy?!
Kicking myself for not being the first person to make an "Ice Cream Kony" joke.
Word of advice for everyone don't watch the sneak peak of Goodbye in public.!! Your going to look like a crazy fool crying your eyes out!
Hi chloe. You were so adorable in "Hugo". :>
I don't get why anyone cares what Sarah does
Rocked it on Good Company this morning. Very impressive.
I will definitely need to know the details on your garage sale!
hahaha i wana see u do that
#IfITellYou how hard I'm working its an Understatement
I don't think i can do that...just close your eyes
I imagine they're uncomfy, too.
nothing better than spending the evening with my boyfriend. His name is Georgie. He's also my cat. I see no issues here.
RT : When it comes to social media ppl want to tell their stories says on w/
CANT WAIT FOR THIS #CRAZY ASS PARTY THURSDAY WE GONA GET IT INN HAHAHA
I might be able to fit in my scarf and mini umbrella, but probably not much more.
The book lau thinks I checked out was located in the stacks at the Qatar campus.
I didn't know it was repeating!
Hip-hop was created by the dj!
Its gotta be Lyle. Frustrating to watch sometimes but makes some plays that very few others could ever make.
your Forbes articles this morning were great finds, loved the rock band article.
What were you thinking of doing? Molly Malone's? I know ... it'll be insane, but I am mentally prepared if I go.
Parliamentary vote in Armenia sees increasing turnout
hit me up on my dm niglet
Its scripture, not a contract. And they aren't so much commandments as shallow moral guidelines, plus $5 mil guaranteed.
smh its too early for all that
listenin to my cousin (Bruno Mars: lol j/k)..i wish<<nite beautiful ppl <3
looks like "Snow Leopard" for Apple is due out tomorrow for only $29. What a big difference compared to MS updates.
Thank you! We can't wait to release it. Stay tuned!
Book your ski vacation now - # join other sexy couples for a swingers weekend on the slopes of Breckenridge! #
I will pretty much do nothing in the office today.
Very, very, very true!
Thanks for the tasty Gobbler GF sandwich ! YUM!! :-)
may have asked this already but ur from the US right?
Good grief. 48.
My heart goes out to his family dam I another good person dead dam
I miss you too <33
Good stuff.
RT "Debt of the many, profit for the few" is the chant filling the streets!
Less likeable team, Knicks or Heat? Just a gross series.
you suck. Nice
I love baby mama I'm so proud of you... can't call you a hoodrat no more lol
When you watch a movie w horrible acting, you really appreciate what good actors do #HumansVSZombies show
Who would hit up a Wal-Mart?? I mean, they roll back the prices!
i want to thank for the daily vocabulary lesson.. even though he makes absolutely no sense 90% of the time.
ladies and gentlemen, mr conway twitty
RT G-A-B-E gonna get you high!
Happy National Pretzel Day!
Happy Monday everyone! Back to the daily grind! ;-)
Shoutout to ! Check out , CHAT grantees from #NYC!
no problem, would hate to waste your time. is a great #brewers follow however.
Merry Christmas!!! :)
with eric dampier and mitt romney in the same building, it's been temporarily renamed the TD Just for Men Garden
I appreciate the support
you can give them my address it sure ain't for me..
UK has beaten half of the teams in the Elite Eight.
Movie time! Goodnight! (:
simplest headline ever ... Steely lyric and song. "HEY 19"
Earlier we thought cops were setting up helicopter landing in the park; Now lifeguards cleared half the beach "for the President."
I have a bad headache.
where in Ky? If Louisville, check out the Ali museum
Don't forget, here at BullFish from 5:30-8 pm. Enjoy rock n' roll and great wine.
More than Welcome.. Alecia.. Have A Great Day....
ooohh who's number is this? Is it yours?
So I pressed one for English right how come I still can't understand the dude on the other end???
Yes, #WalkingDead, if you're not going to develop the characters, raise the stakes.
She sure doesn't like diaper changes
Who yep I just might have to get back on the imports
Me too! I may have caught up on sleep finally... RT : Still riding the good vibes from #505Stomp!
Listening to some great music at TheBasement :)
Dictator <U+2260> "Leader of the People" Im not gonna argue anymore, you are entitled to support Castro.* *Required if in Cuba
Yeah buddy RT Done. With. Law School.
You were spot on my friend.. That is a shone indeed
finishing my essay for English. I wrote it about you! :)
Going to #PantherFest tomorrow?!! Nope, didn't go to UWM, but I sure do love Girl Talk :) See you there!
Merry Christmas, everyone!!! FREE waffles, coffee, and hot choc. today from 11-1pm! Come by and say hi! *<||;-)
who is this person? i have no idea
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities. ~ J. K. Rowling
cool! When are you going to be in town?
I have the biggest crush on a straight boy!!!!!!
Talented, inspired many artists, made pop music and Britney Is Born This Way
Day dreaming about winning the megamillions #feeling-lucky?
I read the first 2 issues of the new Justice League series. I have to say I liked it. It is exciting to be reading about the new DC.
your show
Haven't really tweeted since my birthday on Friday.
some random dude
Off to Georgetown University Alumni Club of DC board meeting -- follow us
That's what I thought after I did it, "it'll have a good summer"
thx for playing but u still LOST lol, try back again tomorrow...
Happy Monday #Cleveland!!
Look people in the eyes, speak with confidence, be polite to all (especially to strangers), & tip well.
3 reasons why I cuss: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. 3) Because I don't give a fuck.
RT Get a behind the scenes look at planning for the 2009 EOTF event with this Rochester D&C article. Http://bit.ly/15wvdQ
I am all about this. And bk nets season tickets 2013
. So, if RC has been the answer for ten years, shouldn't PSAT and ECAs bear out the program's affect?
HAHAHAHA I got you
Any chance my wonderful friend is awake?? We need to talk ASAP!! And maybe eat Chinese too, LOL!
....gimme the deets!! Where we're you two years ago?
Wow, what a finish for USC-Stanford! Great college football!
my background on this twitter.. It's new
Schwitzer sees lots of media cheerleading for new drugs, procedures. Tech leaves the station before imp questions are asked
I'm trying to change my financial forecast for the next year! I'm making a few small adjustments in areas that I'm wasteful
Lost our milwaukee city tourney game 2nite, semi-finals. Damn that sheet stings! Gonna b a long ass winter
thanks for the #ff love!
omg she totally deserves 2 meet him shes battling brain cancer and her one wish was 2 meet Justin so cute!!! <3
One of these days is none of these days. <U+3044><U+305A><U+308C><U+305D><U+306E><U+3046><U+3061><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+65E5><U+306F><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
Don't be mad that I'm doing ME better than you can do YOU... Quote to everyone who ever gets jealous of your success
you can change the style for all data - and you can change the Icon based on a value. but not yet color by category value
I will always love Huggy Bear. What are the members up to now?
Y'know what's #awesome? Coming home from a friend's birthday celebration at a local pub and not smelling like cigarette smoke for two days.
Not bad going to bed at 11pm and all ready to give a lecture tomorrow about my work and #DomesticDisobedience at 10am at
We are very thankful to all of our Twitter followers for following us! Have a great Thanksgiving!
#icantgoadaywithout eating but honestly who can?.?
Thanks as always for the RT! Hope your Monday is going well! :)
Thanks for following
Thoughts and prayers to the Va Tech community.
#DesperateHousewives was a serious emotional rollercoaster tonight.
WELCOME TO THE BLUE HELL RSL!
How was everything?
Come in tonight for 50 cent wings!
LMAO... is that your polite way of saying no?
What do you mean?
HELP TREND #AustinIsOurWorld HELP <U+2665>
I got a shit load of homework to do. Finna lock it down...
I could use some banana split dippin dots right about now :P
my mom isn't even home? fuck that. i'm going to the pirate game then.
This sucks. Going to take a nap.
missing #Midnite-spending the night in grant deadline hell, while watching Ip Man yet again (so many times that my Cantonese is strong, son)
I agree
howdy, here is my plea, again. I need to transfer my #GDC12 #GDC registration to someone. Early bird+Alumni rate.
Hello Albuquerque :) nice to see ya
Hey love you lots, but could you update your editor so Chrome's built-in spellcheck works? Yours...leaves something to be desired
Really wanna go outside and take a quick sail.
Going to my brothers deb on Saturday night! What am I gonna wear ?!
Here at Mozaik our estheticians use Cirepil Wax, a non-strip wax and Flora-Waxa natural waxing system.
Virginia Tech will never do it, but they should call Al Skinner.
Well that was a fun pick-me-up this afternoon
Is the LoganZone back on the air with a regular timeslot?
Never Dutch oven the ride office green room with Rachel. Every Scott that works for the ride WILL walk in all at the exact same time.
The Roots vs. Michele Bachmann When guests come on screen on the Late Night with Jimmy Fallon show, The Roots always greet them with walk
at least you get me t nasty
But of course...
Getting ready to address #TANM with the Perception survey
harry! or louis. oh theres zayn. oh & liam. oh yeah & niall <3
... Thank you for RTs
i don't like being a bother
Having a large Super Bowl Party? We can supply all your hot dog needs...wings are out...dogs are in!!!!
I'm starting to wrk at this new spot called Townhouse Kitchen in Fells... Brand new, hasnt opened yet.
Of course! I mean, one of the most awesome guys ever + music + pizza? Sounds like a pretty sick night ;D
agh , not so sure about this . .
Shoot me an email. We can also discuss over
Me being me doesnt involve u- so if u think i NEED u-- i was born without u and damnsure dont need this relationship-
The things you own end up owning you.
well fuck. i hate everybody right now.
UGH I need to know who wins HOH
: yes! Penis shaped food sculptures are sure to get u that raise you've been hoping for!
You're becoming that person I USED to know:/ </3
we think it's a combination of both. It's also disillusionment. There have been many plans, promises and no results for decades.
Social Video Messaging. What does it mean to you? Tweet us your thoughts!
you're doing my presentation for me! Note that we left brochures about Collaboratory on table in DH room.
no how could glee end like that? :(
give Matt his old number
That moment when is just so damn amazing
Smith: He's going to close wealth disparities. Uh-huh.
you off
Thanks for the RT today & happy holidays
Is Dan running it too?
Screen Printers seem to be doing pretty well right now!
i met Q briefly and he let me come take/assist! i just met everyone yesterday! but i make friends quick :P
Happy Easter. Getting ready then off to Easter service at my favorite place!!! :)
Super excited about new fun stuff coming up in the fall!!! Shhhh....its a secret!!!
done deal mr MVP
I <3how my guardian thinks shes my mother.no.im tired of hearing ur fat mouth.18 cant come soon enough. #STFU! #BITCH!
Which train would that be?
RT : I envy poets. Writing prose is like dancing while strapped to a chair.
Change the way I viewed it
MorningStar savings — highly popular coupon! | Mommy Coupon ...
Good morning everyone hope you have a great Tuesday!
exactly 2 days tills the R5 concert im going to starts! :)
talk about big data!! We really need to start thinking about retention limits for all this data.
This game is stressing me out.
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." - Theodore Isaac Rubin
i read the tweets about us sometimes and im just like we are so retarded haha
She's got that #inthebag “ i'm giving you tomorrow's theme now: "in your bag"”
“: Me too, my favorite car...RT hope i can get my hands on the !” a joke right
Thanks for the
I like showing people new music. I'm not really sure why.
I guess the Giants like playing from behind
Gyourko, we are missing the #supply side. Too many goods, how can you get rid of excess housing.
Why not be a part of what makes LA driving enjoyable? Last wknd to pledge
Have a great Easter Sunday Everyone! It looks to be a pretty nice day. www.darlingtoncc.com
Do you have a button authors can embed on their sites (like Goodreads, Facebook, Twitter) so viewers can connect directly?
Thanks, Ivan! We appreciate your support!
Really? I can. Star players didn't step up. Need to unload Semin and perhaps others. Holtby is a huge plus for the future
We off this weekend n we back on next 3 weekends.
Check out the latest blogs by and - recaps from #NYE and more! Always something new in #lifestyle #Ent't
Unleash the fury!!
Feel like I haven't seen around lately. Nat! Where are you? ;)
Can't help but think that if big Pubs wanted out from the "tyranny" of Amazon, they would've spent CEO dinner money on a robust EPUB reader.
DC?? What brings you to my city?
Mentor Graphics Moves BridgePoint UML Editor to Open Source Domain - Generation NT (US)
Gonna be a long day
Skylar is going to do just fine. She'll probably have a record deal tomorrow.
My birthday is on the 8th. Can I get a "Happy Birthday Kimberly" or a follow PLEASE!
I can hook you up w that no prob.
crossfitter ehh? My brother is Jesse from Local's Gym!
Should be filling out paperwork, but is staring at her new Nathan Fillion Reads poster instead!
Amazing diving catch from Megan Harris in right puts Hokies down in order. Still scoreless after 3 complete innings.
A happy two months with <U+E418> (:
I know you're right and we needed Marcum to get Greinke, but ughh. Next year is going to suck.
If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship. Don't be the reason they end up single.
and why the hell does a 3-year-old need breast milk. Eat some real food and drink a glass of milk.
I hope you're not tweeting and driving.
I have a special place in my heart for Animal, Beaker, the Swedish Chef, and Sam the Eagle.
Mother Goose Parade officials not ducking their duties, asking El Cajon city council 2B the title sponsor of... the 2012 Mother Goose Parade
Great to catch up with you again!
RC? My dad installed a timed irrigation system with fertilizer attachment. He had one row of impatients.
are u gonna start calling me kam lol
I know somebody who might die off of McDonald
Dreams are real and all you have to do is just believe.
; We Have a bond that's unbreakable & its not time to let it go [we're in love] & now that we know its real. . .
Comps have been sent in for repair. Footage and pending posts were saved but need to be re-edited. :-(
hope not :s
SO to for showing some love!
ha! Ill always be one in my heart!
How do you make a trombone sound like a french horn? Stick your hand in the bell and play all the wrong notes.
OC is always least popular guy in town. Pick, dropped TD and missed FG in 4th quarter of AFC Championship.
I Guess Hiring “Gang Bangers” To Pass Out Free Samples Wasn’t The Greatest Idea.”Here Take This… Otherwise I’ll Punch You In The Face.”
Heading to church to get a piece of ash.
I see.
Ok, getting ready for the school board to make their big political speeches to the crowd on closures
Saturday morning, cats are fed, wife is back home. I'm a happy bear.
alas, i do not who. Great article though--we should've invited you as a third speaker!
Study: Playing a Video Game Helps Teens Beat Depression
Do you want to get and updates in one place? Follow us at !
I JUST HEARD TURN TO YOU FOR THE FIRST TIME ;OFGHWOEJASDLFIS IT'S SO GOOD
Had a wonderful time at the Ohio Academy of History conference yesterday. Reconnected with an old mentor and saw some promising scholars.
persian warrior God bless all Iranian, never give up is our time for the people by the people not by other goverment only for our nation.
said i love havin sex but i rather get some head
Shake that ass for me.
...this is...i don't even know.
Ah Mother's Day, here we are again. Mind if I sit this one out?
It's all about the #payingitforward! Shouts out to you friend!
I love hearing that some lawyers are gonna be shot... too bad you can't get 'em all!!!
playin the hell out of this mario kart 7 my bro got for xmas straight killin lol
Watching the recorded "New Blended Learning" webinar from Adding social aspects to continue the learning experience is key
What they Gone say when i tellem ALL I GOTTA SAY IS
all of the conversations that I have seen correlate with the perspective that "transgendered" is obnoxious & offensive.
Checkout my opening day story on 9news at 9pm tonight! Plus other weekend shenanigans!
I stalk
Ok fine!/:
How is that possible if the existence of communism means the disappearance of the state?
Involved in an M&A transacton/corporation restructuring? Complete due diligence re: visa-employees well BEFORE transaction is complete.
I've missed everyone tweeting about the Royals thank goodness baseball is back.
Got my almost acoustic christmas ticket! Stoked :]
hi bella
Way to go Slim!
I love those guys! Seen 's live 3 times. GREAT live shows!
I just call 911 I just got put on hold.
I repeat my last question--I've never heard of Creative Cloud! I feel so behind all the time!!
Outofcontrolandannoying. That's one word, right?
Fyi children's Book Fair outside #CalTrans bldg today.
ima call u frm my moms phone answer it!
First day of spring is a good day to start Pacers runs.
Having one of those days where everything needs to be done immediately and day is full of meetings.
BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE ! like now! (:
happy hump day
I never thought I'd feel the sting of closing. As an employe, and a customer, I'm deeply sad.
my app is messed up too, but they at least acknowledged the bug. Hoping that their monster computer is keeping track :)
Long day im exhqusted
Tryin go out to eat...
thanks for followin' me
Dear google, could you sit next to me during an exam? Sincerely, every student.
North Carolina. Where Michael Jordan played college basketball.
Question, it there something morally wrong with a sag/Aftra member accepting a role on popular a non union unscripted reality show ?
you have to be Canadian to understand why bettman is booed.
i'm so excited for you to come to the east coast soon!! :)
Enjoy your Memorial Day Weekend and be safe!
YO UR NOT LOOKIN' FOR ANY PRODUCERS TO JOIN UR STABLE R U?
don't forget to mention that Kevin Mazur has made tons of money off James Devaney shooting Aniston for Wireimage...
I'll be attending. Though definitely without bells.
When your GPS asks you if you want to avoid unpaved roads, its going to be fun
wow, who knew?
haha ok I did it twice last year.
Its so weird ://
#mypastrelationships taught me that WOMEN ARE ALWAYS FUCKING RIGHT. Take some notes guys .
share with me! D:
making a compelling case for #VGI mapping with
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
and by hot chicks i mean the female gender.
everything is funny with a dirty mind
These new commercials are hilarious! Saw two today that had me LOL. one is awesome. Nice to see him.
Thank you, kind sir! Keep the fires burning. :)
anytime your in chi would love to work with you ;) check me out on facebook/hairbymarina
Done following. Follow back
Thank you for retweeting our need for Food Donations
Money make the coochie go woo woo!
Juicy Fridays regrand opening tomorrow at hydrate!!
i love <3 and his voice. Can I marry someone's voice? :)
": Deleted his number : :" ha okay nessa
Can't believe how time has flown by-! UR doing great - and plz welcome Craig K @ the c-house - he's top shelf
cleveland get it done 2nite on the road? i think they do.
Welcome to twitter, ! We'll have a nice time, I promise.
THIS ONE TIME IN 7TH GRADE THIS GUY ASKED ME OUT AND I SAID NO AND HE SAID HE WAS GONNA RIP MY OVARIES OUT AND EAT THEM LMFAO OMFG
not sure. Just sad
Can't possibly cost more than what we pay them to feed their addictions and fantasies.
so tired from church but I love going there
50/50 was overall disappointing. Levitt was pretty good, but just not a good film imo. Drawn out, inconsistent writing, bad directing
i really don;t wanna die.. panda and them are like DONT THEN! HOW CAN I HELP IT!
Today is the 67th anniversary of D-Day Let's remember those who died on the beaches of Normandy & those who went on to defeat Nazi Germany
We thank all for the support and kind words for our show's 1st episode. Now, onward to producing the series!
Heat having psychological meltdown right now
Happytown was on ABC and got cancelled in 6 eps never airing the last 2 they had. HUGE internet campaign to save it but....
We love this new winter weather, finally a plus side to global warming
Smart man + smart woman = Romance. Smart man + dumb woman = Affair. Dumb man + smart woman = Marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = Pregnancy.
Happy Birthday - hope you had a great day :)
WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! FREE RAFFLE! OPEN SUNDAYS FROM 8-6 PM WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
Let's get the white russians consumed and get the rest of the 35 girls drunk! ;) Let's do this!
Chat seems to be down.... any suggestions?
i always love 's USTREAMS.
yup you sure are cool Louis.
Happy Thanksgiving from the ascedians! We're thankful we get to work with so many wonderful people.
#singing Its 4 o clock in the morning & twitter got boring
I love my six-pack so much, I protect it with a layer of fat.
Good that POTUS supports same-sex marriage. However, still think he should give Romney back his Etch-a-Sketch....
Complicated situations are the makings of all that's wrong.
very sad
I think it'll go to the top of the list for the next first date. I'll let you know how that goes!
That's awesome :) I'm glad you love it.
Liberals vow to back Twiggy on 'real' jobs for Aborigines - The Australian
Headed to the Symposium. Couldn't think of a better way to spread some love for our military than at #CCME2012 in Orlando!
Fact: #Verizon wrongfully fired dozens of workers for speaking out against their anti-worker practices.
Oh Tonia, Tonia, Tonia don't you know you can never go home? ;)
Some one take me to kobes. I've never been there in my life. :(
lets repeat the cruise on d moon!
Keep it up #Tincaps !
Thanks for the CEM Daily mention!
Open Saturday 9 to 4. Box Lunch Delivery Free everyday for 3 or more people!
Stagecoach 2012: Basking in Greensky Bluegrass, getting bored by Band Perry, honoring Roy Clark
don't worry baby I well sell a body part
crossing my fingers hoping he's gay.
That Hartnell pass should be featured by UPS in a Logistics commercial.
We are going to be a little #MIA the next few days! is moving #hungry and a lil #stressed around the !
Def Hope everyone gets GLC's New album in stores tomor!!!
Mommy Time in ONE week!!!!
Join me Thursday night @ Tongue and Groove for my Birthday Celebration hosted by Armada FM!! Will be a great night, contact me for more info
no kidding! There was a 3rd one too...What's that last one? Let's see...Pawlenty, Bachmann, & um....I don't...I can't...oops!
If you catch a reader's attention with a certain idea in the headline, don't lose them by introducing a completely different idea too soon.
Went and saw Breaking Dawn. #lovedit it was everything and more . #nobadmoments #breakingdawn ! Kellan Lutz made it even better though. :)
I love pop culture and celebrity gossip but Brad and Angelina getting engaged is hardly breaking news.
“: Being an idiot = not charming” WHAT, ARE YOU GOING TO TELL ME THERES NO SANTA CLAUS NOW?
good! It is terrible!
no u wont i am going to tell it so hahaha in ur face
you're welcome! Thanks for the follow! I'm all about supporting indie music :)
Starting a new job today. Some egos will be crushed. Love it.
Will definitely be in touch soon. We are looking to open downtown in Summer and would love to add some cbus imagery from u
Its not even my birthday :)
Plus, a seating-plus-shelving system, a minimalist bike mount, and more in this week's issue
Yeah it's not like other side isn't going to use every tool they can lay their hands on (real and imagined) to take Obama down
Now I'm the happiest girl ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Boys are so confusing...
Why are there no paperback copies of Catching Fire or Mockingjay available anywhere? This is so frustrating!
are you annoyed or what when I just asked a question .? but an lol at the end or something .
omg I miss you so much! YES! we need to hang out like asap <3 I miss all our stupid shit we use to do ;(
Thanks Carly for making our bad-ass caps possible. We owe you a cold one
you're so cute. I love you.<3
I thought the same thing, but apparently Fox has other plans.
oye. Can I please have a clone?
Nala still doesn't understand that if she walks between our feet she will get kicked in the head!
Yes & No Problem
Welp* no range cause I ain't tell her I was comingg.. ill be back tomorroww..
Warning: I am going to be so obnoxious with the Eddie pics over the next two days. GET READY, INTERNET!
look out rich, reggy might hire you.
I'll be ready RT oh don't worry, it'll be directed at you a TON come Sept *smacks the back of A.J.s head*
that's the beauty of self-publishing, you can find your audience without publishing types.
Happy 28th anniversary to my wonderful parents
AND HIMYM season finale is on tonight. What a jam-packed night of tv.
I love you so much! You so amazingly beautiful and talented! It would be so awesome if you could tweet me back!
movies for you
that is pretty much the coolest tweet, ever!!! You are my new hero!
Worked on my #SHEAR paper. Should be a good presentation. If I can just get the intro right.
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.Francis Bacon
late July looks good. What location should we work with?
my new story :)
it would help me know do i stand in your way or am i the best thing you had
love it.
TELL ME, PLEASE TELL ME!!
don't stop Burger Time! That was an awesome game!
Good morning everyone!! Have a great one!
Thanks!!! No game for us either... but we're all rooting for our #Brewers :)
... would be home for duration with the strange mendicant with heaped curls and caste mark on forehead who never spoke ate drank slept ...
One day it will all make sense..
Poised Creation is on the look out for great videographers! If u can cut a deal, hollar at us!
our ? 4 2nite is how do we as mgrs use the info u shared to assist our artists to understand & implement? Txs Diana @ SM!
Fun fact...Lebron James has zero NBA championships.
Merry Xmas to al me peeps and team
Welcome aboard Expecting big things from you.
Picked up my 1st batch of veggies (lettuce, asparagus, green onions, spinach) from local farms subscription. Goal is use up everything.
NY Archbishop Timothy Dolan's persona says: I may be a priest, but if you cross me I'll beat you down in a NY minute and then pray for you.
I'm good just Miss hearing you. Was very concern about you cause your # change too so I couldn't call u. Glad to hear u good
State testing starts tomorrow with reading... Then later I will have math, 2 writing, and algebra end of course.. 0/5.complete..
He's an ambassador at siena college
that sucks. I thought she would be nice. Have changes started?
Thanks so much man! I hope you like the rest of the record too!!! LOL jk
omg and now there are tons of sirens going on. seriously. where do I live? Detroit? lol
#fcbarcelona up 2-0 on free kick right before halftime!
Yu get it? I sent it via text
we're taking names & signing up shifts at the Team Pike planning meeting & phone bank!
The reason McCarthy defers the opening kickoff is because of first halves like this one.
Help us find a drummer! Free studio time for any solid leads!!
is this a Geisha?
Happy 1Year Anniversary!!!
To my supervisor, it's been 2 times I've forgotten to count MLK day as a LH- Fri before & time sheet. Wonder if I come across as racist?
presentation today :/
What is Body Mass Index? - The BMI formula is a simple combination of your height and weight, which is designed to provide valuable...
awh thank you I will let you know my meatball! :) invite only ;) hehe
Bing: a search engine who still don't know what honey badger is. Or Google.
we laid down 3 tracks tonight to say bye. Be excited. Be very excited.
So of #Ravens reach Super Bowl, it'll be Harbaugh Bowl or SB XXXV rematch. Cool but big if.
#thosetimeswhen you wanna punch someone in the face
not sure, email him at
Come on Giants!!! You can do this
.dang <3 I'm ready for this.
Wow what a special guest! RT : We will be there next week! I'm coming all the way from Memphis.
What am I chopped liver?
please buy the Padres. Thanks.
Good morning, everyone! To God be the glory! I thank you for waking me this morning!
Can't believe it's all over
When someone gets news of someone close to them having a rare blood cancer it really gives you time to pause
Hey, thanks for the #ff!
Best practices in chat reference, rule #47: When you intend to type "Oh, good!" to a patron, please do not accidentally type "Oh, god!"
oh Grey's Anatomy. Get your tissues if you haven't seen it yet.
So jealous of all these little child wonders being cast in "Annie" on broadway.. I cant even get cast in community theatre..
Looking forward to seeing your website Paul. #772sp11 hastag step
Thank you for following me back and AMEN! <3<3<3
tell them to come out to Lakeway.. They will definetly hit quota!
RT Red Bull is one of the biggest syndicators of extreme sports content. They make more $$ off their content than product.
43-0... how could you not want to change that Pacman?
bring me a chunk!!! Dirty glacier water adds years to your life and makes you fertile.
RT wtf no next joke pls beyonce is Wayy more better : selena has a better voice then beyonce and better acting skills then...."
we do! I wanna go to a party lol
Just returned from two days of stimulating screenings and discussions at The Full Frame Documentary Festival.
I miss the food in Italy SO much.
Dining by Design and AD Show starts Thursday, be sure to get your tickets and check out table at Dining by design.
I thought I saw emergency lights near Main/Rangeline as I was coming home, but I turned at HS back into my hood.
Oh, my. Carroll Shelby died.
Our Wellness Travaasas to help you decompress and recharge. It’s important to find peace after a stressful day. How do you let go?
Nah, can't afford the new sky-high prices!
You should have seen my TL yesterday. Thanks for calling me an idiot, though.
Im Cool.(; I'ma Be The New Upgraded Negro. I'ma Be Popping That Bubbly!(; That's Whaasssup Bro. ILoveYouToo!<3[nh)
My hair is crazy. I need it cut lol
Pretty sure the four months i spent with you were just wasted.
And this, my friends, is my 1000th tweet.
However, to quote my co-worker Eric Hill, "I'm sure the ways of most vanguards are questioned early on."
Wow. That sucked. I thought that was Dolis out there, not Marmol -_- ps- if darney was normal sized he would have gotten that.
great meeting with you!
Last minute flower shopping FTW! cc
": What up & coming band do you want to see on MTV?" and rt pls
Sleep when??? power nap if anything.... up gettin this lettuce as u should be doing too
So that's where you are.
Injuries don't get attributed to factors outside injuring incident as much a they should. Otherwise Jazz & Blazers trainers would be fired.
are you going?
no. she gave me a number to call her at, but i don't wanna call her (x
RT : Dinner at Stanton Social tonight is gonna be slammed. Yes
I was asked by the customs if I had anything to declare. I said: Yes, I'd like to declare -- I'm a genius!
Do you ever get a chance to watch from the states? Awesome video game coverage? Pretty cool they featured your Mario art!
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What would your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b persistent!
i just want to embrace an enjoy every moment
I'm certainly not a scout. I do totally respect their contributions to the game, though.
do I play McNabb or Hasselbeck? And what 2 out of Forte, Slaton, and Charles?
#ag action will create template to deal with #foreclosures. Chris Mayer
missing another #SandersSunday due to work. waaahh))):
VIVO, eagle-i building dedicated ontologies for app behavior, distinct from resource representation. Looks like MVC pattern to me.
and its usually humble pie fir dessert afterwards. I hate that.
Subbing on the C-J softball team tonight. Pre-game meal at Five Guys. Yum!
The show was bitchin minus the shitty two openers...if i knew was goin on at 9 that's when I woulda got there
stop posing as me
I hope Justins okay <3 I really hope she didn't break his heart <3 If she upset him I'm going to cry <3
Can't wait to go out tonight for my girl McKenna's 21st!!! :)
RT : This is how the #bankatlanticcenter should be! Great win for the #FlaPanthers!!!
daddy says God will take it all away so that I know it was "him" that gave it to me in the 1st place..I really feel it
card got denied at the store...naturally I used my last 3 dollars cash to buy a scratch off won $20 ....I guess sometimes luck is on my side
just got my event reminder. let the countdown begin,
Hosting a New Year's celebration? Check out our lighting fixtures that will keep your room bright throught the night!
thanks Kai. Yeah it was, day after baby's b'day.
I'm listening to Wnur, 89.3 and they are playing some really good underground music.
its about time betch!!!! I missed you tons!!! I knew you'd come back to me!!
I still have yet to spend time with I don't like this :((
It feels nice to tune everything out for a minute.
Cant wait when MB make new songs!! been waiting for a long time!
you will do fine on the mcas just eat before u take it
I called & he said he didn't know when - or where, but yes they do support Barrett.
Bronx Pride Awards tonight. BP Ruben Diaz Jr. is issuing a Proclamation of the Day. Brainpower receiving a Citation of Merit.
Count Basie, Duke Ellington, Quincy Jones...African American Philharmonic Orchestra really swings!
u should all follow !
Marchand in Double OT after Holtby gives up a big rebound and Wideman doesn't check his man
I think Mothra that beat up Godzilla just landed on my hand in Dallas.
There are billions of people in the world. Why are you letting one of them ruin your life?
RELOCATE ALREADY! I need a roommate! lol
What's the deal fam
"Happy" u rescued your new pup! Inspirational! Rescued a Morkie/ Malti-Shi mix a week ago at a swap/college. Named her "Chewy"<U+2665>
Are you going to be the main villan in the next Austin Powers movie since that how the 3 one ended .
It's like some freakin' GAME SHOW which is totally detached from reality.
Is there a way to listen to this now that it's over? Podcast maybe?
Beach time! With Victor and Kass(:
What are u doing?
The audition piece was fun, it had all the tricky tbone bits in there for sure. .
MSNBC I Usually Watch Rev Al Sharpton, Rachel Maddow, Ed Shultz, Lawrence O'donnell Channel 7 news NBC news CBS 2 /Keith Olbermann -Current
what did you hit tomb?
Happy Birthday!!!
You can tell to suck it. ;)
twitter this, twitter that
Ok so my twitter name is now changed. It was FuckTristan it is now _TristanScott =)
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge
Thank you for sharing my article Dave!
I dreamt about my teeth falling out and tsundere reactions to mostly unrequited love advances. Reality is actually better today.
I'm do offended you're not following me
"Back to life, back to reality. Back to the here and now yeah"
but waste 5 bars wit non sense sounds wwaaakkkkkiiiiii
life's all about those little imperfections that make us human..
My cat would scratch my left hand/wrist area -___- now ppl are gonna yell at me... I didn't do it :/
It's okay, Tony! #Breathe #destresstweet. Nothing a good cup of coffee can't cure. :)
Hey Coop.... I Love the relationship I see you having with your Mom. I LOVE my Mom!!!!!! Happy Super Special Moms Day!!!
i am in boston. selfishly, would love for you to come.
Yeah Bieber was bad... but every generation has its era of totally disposable pop!
Will the real AJ please stand up? Go #Texans!
Hi Cami!how's nyc treating you?
maybe the "ugh" could have some different pitches and tones?
okay, staying off twitter until I write this damn paper -_-
Isn't this NBA CBA the same deal the owners proposed several weeks ago??? Why ratify it now?
A great weekend to enjoy the autumn weather, and play chess!
Humboldt Center for Evolutionary Anthropology Fundraiser
Liberty U. very evangelical. Spoke of protecting marriage or some such. Born again homophobe (if it will get votes).
Dont we all
Ignorance can be seen very clearly. It doesn't take much time to visualize.
Fact-checking the #GOP debate? You'll have to fact-check EVERYTHING they say! Hire move "checkers"...
My nex son will be named Wolfgang. Just sayin...
We're not suppose to settle for mediocre feats but Hunger and thirst for righteousness!!
What a creeper! I'll be avoiding Jack like the plague.
give me a buzz 915-727-4445 hope you're able to help re: previous tweet. All the best!
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
elroy, mama's in the kitchen with the sauce!
no doubt!
I will buy you some Lulu's Thai food in Kansas City when you make it out here.
Please continue to follow and support the girls from as they continue 2 raise awareness around the world about trafficking.
Love your site!
I had you big, i had you small, i don treally give a shit, i love them all. Big whit zig zag ect.............
it's sad to see other people's tweets about #UnderTheMistletoe because my don't won't tell me where he hid it. <U+E058>
I have to admit, Biden is an awesome story-teller!!! ... ESPECIALLY when he's drunk! You remember the one about him and Barack at Freaknik??
over the operations of their processes. Also, if the (trained)
Stoooppppp don't be like that butter cup..you know I love you.!
Long day and still need to go shopping for misc things... Walmart here we come... www.youthcanlead.com
I have a craving for chipotle. Where is the nearest chipotle?
Damn Thay Food From Four Mothers Still Got Me Full!
you can bring your children to public pools without getting thrown out (found that out the hard way)
N u r gonna get once da Movie drop w/ur Soundtrack on there 2 n ur Acting 2.
that was an impressive TD throw.
Thank you for a wonderful semester and farewell lunch & presents! Love you all!
First stop (after signing house closing papers): Eggtc. for breakfast. Loose Park. Now we have our tickets for Sea Life Aquarium.
Do it! RT : & I found our future NY home!
The law suit against the NFL, is nothing more than a money grab. How many of these former players are broke?
The reason most goals are not achieved is that we spend our time doing second things first.
by tomorrow
Don't ever worry about ur future love. U r beautiful & mr right will show up when u least expect it.
why u hate on ?? U know u can kik ur fuckn ass up and down the street not just the felt u jealous ignorant dumb fuck*
Cheers! Need get you to London and show Europe
My hair is my own weather barometer.
Good night |-)
Its interesting seeing different sides of people
What a wonderful day to have locked myself and the dog out of the house. So cold!
That moment when youre having feelings for your ex again...
So who thinks the Thunder deserved that win?
thanks for "favoriting" my tweet! I am a life coach and we started a new page to chat, I would love to share the link?
Dear Lord, Please carry me through the day today <3
At Js Spring Band Concert. Just saw an SUV with sign that said " Dog is my Co_Pilot. Got close, & sure enough, dog was riding shotgun! LoL
If they see a major ratings drop they will change their minds.
get with it, son! Its called sunscreen!
This is cool! email , we should have you come be the soundsystem at an event!
"It's like I just found out you are a completely different person #justinbieberhater " and I are disgusted. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
You may disagree on US politics, but you'll all be of one mind when it comes to other countries
Current status: eschewing carbohydrates.
starts snowing the second I arrive in Boston....figures.
Nothing like an 8 mile run through the streets of Philly to finish a great day filled with good design.
all I want is what's coming to me! All I want is my fair share!
Gotta put my Nashville loyalty aside for this one... Let's go Hoyas! First round win against Belmont --> final four run?
hi I am carslyn Sheffield u ment my uncle his name is j
I love the old Christmas movies! I hope all of you can look around today and say, "It's a Wonderful Life!" If not, know it can be!
lazy days are hard to come by anymore... I have thoroughly enjoyed doing nothing today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
mine did. guess its cuz im a scorpio haha. ugh that fucked me up.
Did Jeff Long do the right thing firing Petrino? Call 248-848-1130
Overcompensated while eating my chicken Caesar salad, and now I have too much chicken left over.
Ahh! Amazing. Congratulations, Josh!
RT : The biggest tip I learned from #WeightWatchers is portion control."Successful weight loss is discipline not deprivation"
dont call me no more
with all due respect, is sucking mad nuts right now. i'm about to crap on your door step.
Up and at em... Show tonight in Brooklyn
thank for the follow
Let's play the blame game. I luv it
I'm watching the one where John Goodman takes over.
this is just sad. disgusts me
Goal this week: get pictures of cats with frats
What in the hell was that? Stupid, just stupid.
What did you learn last night ?
it all makes a difference. If u love your gym, u don't mind goin more often and that equals better progress. :) enjoy!
I don't kiss nobody's ass .
I agree! When that happens, just put in my CD 'After Hours' and play along in your car.
Come hear @ 11:30 AM on 4/22 as part of our Yom Hashoah Day of Commemoration. Performance is in Pan Pacific amphitheater.
Vogel should get coach of the year just for that!
48 hours in #Venice, Italy in April: #conservators, what should I be sure to see from a #preservation or #museum standpoint?
RT : LOVE that the high school students come to hang out after school lets out!!! great job
Aww cute! Yes keep me updated!!
Cool. Was asking cuz and friend and I grew a bunch last year & will b growing alot this year, will have fresh 4 sale in summer
#WOW! RT : The came back from 27 down to beat the 99-98 on and take a 1-0 series lead.
haha I miss you more - I'm gonna be sippin on a #ciroc in about 5 hrs from now - u should fly back and join :)
Building Trust and Establishing Authority Through Content Marketing
i do!
I need more followers, anyone mind giving me a shoutout?
At the #dnote in olde town arvada tonight. Time for a great fundraiser. Come on down
me too!!
Sunny and bright - what a great day for travel - on the way to Minneapolis.
Dean Leogrande and SIS Dean Goldgeier introducing faculty speakers,
Company meeting/training today with Bock & Associates.
...semester, I technically owe the university almost exactly the same amount of money to be a student that they pay me to work for them.
Thank you so much for the compliment and for providing support to small NM businesses!
I KNEW WHEN DON CORNELIUS DIED DICK CLARK OR CASEY KASEM MIGHT BE NEXT..BUT I GREW UP ON DICK AND I MEAN THAT IN A NON SEXUAL WAY. ALMOST..
after just listening to a Live song, i think my brain almost exploded from a mini flashback.
sorry man, but OKC has gots to get by San Antonio first
I'm excited about OKC.. I think it might go to six games.
Cleaning out my list tonight. Some of you will know to whom I speak of when you get an unfolded. Thanks for being rude!
"Boyfriend" by Justin Bieber is pretty catchy. Hmm.
listening to islands. working on nudiezine #16. going to be epicsauce.
I know, went to the website and it only shown Little Rock.
is Ryan Verdugo, Wa State kid (Lk. Stevens) on the roster today for the Royals?
Either I'm missing something, or the Visually infographic tools are limited to Facebook and Twitter tools...right?
short game. Chipping.
Bell Biv Devoe. Now you know.
It was an interesting case but jury duty averted this time. I wish i could go for a drink to celebrate.
you are stunning! :) Just thought I should let you know. x
will not connect
#ISupportSameSexMarriage Whats the Big Deal hear lovers of the same Sex should have the right 2 be Married show ur love
I didn't like the way the world looked this morning so I changed my perspective
The U.S. places in bottom 10 countries of the developed world when it comes to # of children enrolled in preschool.
Sorry i haven't replied on your tweet last time :( i shall be with you soon.. coffee place on tuesday?
Oh, no! I just realized is on the same day of the UCL final!! How did that happen? :)
#librarians, what do you think? Is it good to put a QR code on your business cards?
10% of snorers have sleep apnea; stop breathing up to 300 times a night; significantly increases the risk of suffering a heart attack
Prediction time - Who wins Game 7 of the World Series?
cool what's your top 3 hero movies?
you are welcome
Uh oh, Weaver perfect through two.
Big shot Bradford Burgess with 2 threes.
Open Mic tonight!
“: Steve Blake look like he been on to catch a predator.....bag of gummy worms and a 6 pack in his hands”
yeah Vivian we all know ur the bada** of the group
Very curious about 's last tweet....!
It is almost impossible to get a taxi in the street downtown, had to walk 10 blocks to find one. Yet most of the drivers are so nice.
So it sounds like the #AustinBeerFest is an unmitigated disaster of pour planning and overpriced beer. Good thing I didn't go.
That is, perhaps, the best benefit of living alone.
Sure thing John! Thanks for all your work with QR Codes. Are you guys "white labeling" your backend management?
I love grapes
I can't get on twitter right now to RT your tweet, but I followed via txt if that counts :)
Lunch shopping practice lines for audition dinner and then finally relax!
Lying ur way through life will only bring misery & it's compounded when u lie 2 urself 2 the point where u can no longer distinguish reality
We are at USC Campus in corner of Hoover and Jefferson!! Come by and get ZICO!!!
what is it, I don't retweet spam or garbage.
It'd be nice to be shorter... for length reasons.
Scores some great items at the #boden sale on boston today!
if the Rox trade Rogers what would they want in return?
the Afro comes out tonight ;)
Yes, agreed! Lovely to meet in real life.
Too little too Late, re: Obama Jobs package, Banks seem to have gotten much better deal!
what about me bitch.I'm out too
I know you are, but what is Madison?
RT : thanks to #justfilms community: "Its not just about the product, it’s about what the product can do” --O. Bagwell
stop by our cafe when you are in town. We are near Pike Place Market
Yes! RT : there's going to be 190 more people hooked on the chili!!
check out those glorious east coast dates on our myspace page! <3
nope. ATL. has an awesome exhibit-sharing series w/ MOMA. This is "Modern Masters" - all of my favorite artists!
that was "naked" and not "nake" - was removing clothes while tryping.
No :p
Dear Bumpass Hounds, 5:30? Really? What was it - the wind, a squirrel, or a puff of dust? Knock it off! Me.
your latest Everett post was, frankly, too few photos for my liking :) he is so adorable! Looks just like a Gerber model.
I was into kid rock before he was he was cool
Thanks to statewide Angel Campbell and I are making it official that we are going to try our hands in a relationship a 2nd time around.
Mr. Irrelevant in John Hughes draft tough call. May be between Cameron from Ferris Bueller & The Geek from Sixteen Candles
RT Sadly, dreams for a San Francisco bay area world's fair in 2020 are dead. 2025 anyone?
we are live on air now #LateNightLesbiansRadio <U+2605> Blind Date <U+2605> single ladies call 347-857-2089
Xavier's dance concert is June 23 @ 6pm at Flowers HS. Grp rate tix are $20 each. Would like to attend? If so, how many tix?
#Google has new 'privacy' policy Seems creepy to me Like something from TV show Person of Interest ;-(
it's funny how my year old niece has an obsession with closing doors :D
LMAO!!! I swear you deserve an award for that tweet
"Can we buy girls insted of slurpies?" M I want those sexy baseball players so bad! With
UM starting to slack on your text of the day
110 days until #LouisvilleFootball puts a jackhammer on that #UK ASS!
Mix it with some Bonilla Ice Cream and you'll be thinking about it long after it's gone...
Velocity? No. NG? Yes. Tonight's gonna be a good night!
Of course I need sleep..but I can't
And repeating. RT : It's something we've been saying for years, but these things need boiling down to soundbites sometimes.
Oh christianity, you would, wouldn't you. You would take the one day when your Jesus suffered in agony, and the call it "good Friday."
I just read Bartleby with my students! I would've preferred not to. (False.)
who is you ?
We want to cooperate in every way we can, so I advise you to buy potatoes if - a great big if - the price is right. [1944]
have you followed the straying South Africa about the rape video going viral? conversation is terrifying
I never in life want to be someones "option" .... priority and first class only baby....I deserve the best....
Pres. Grant born on this day Hiram Ulysses. Congressman's recommendation to West Pt. referred to him as Ulysses Simpson & the name stuck.
good to hear it went well. I the month has flown by.
Exactly what CMS in education need to focus on...the mashup!
You should come to Orlando cause us Floridians know how to have fun! c;
Our Traminette is back for purchase at the winery just in time for your Thanksgiving feast. Great wines are meant to be shared.
Wow, thanks the kind words! You are SO awesome!! re: Holy cow Meg! just finished watching the vids on Vimeo. Just in awe...
It's National Brownie Day! "My childhood smelled of perfume and brownies."---David Leavitt Have a GREAT Friday eve everyone! :)
No longer hungry, no longer sleepy.
These close #spurs games are tough to watch.
I have not watched it yet!! Can't wait!!!
got the butterflies come on lakers
lol to the comment on the class reunion page.. Maybe they should've taken the hint
Please follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Radio story about yahoo CEO falsifying resume...checked it out on Google. And there you have it.
Dudethat's the worst pickup line ever. What's next, u'll tell her U used to work as a clown & get makup discounts?
People in Florida ARE horrible drivers. I'm probably one of the better FL driver and i'm 17.
hacked by hehehe i miss u ger bear!!!!!! school just isnt the same without u!!! (just in case u wnt c this) lylas!!!!
“: When was the last time you finished a good book and wished you'd kept a reading log? Just let them read!” Amen.
#Imagine Austin dedicating a song to you.
Lmao @ the lady who walked out sawty
let's do a shot of cabo wabo and wrestle!.
Today is just a chill/cleaning/watch movies at home day :)
Definitely had a good Sunday. Same to you :-)
Special $99/Month SEO Services Promotions...Comment if you are interested!
I wonder NBCSports will pre-empt the #Rangers vs #Capitals game at 4pm if this game goes to OT for a horse race that isn't for another 2 hrs
Merry Christmas and thank you for helping the Mona Lisa Code gain worldwide attention!
RT : Storytelling is a great way to humanize science says
can't wait to get my tests back today!! ....NOT -_-
Stop into The Belmont today for some delicious and refreshing cocktails - I suggest The Belmont Cooler =)
Wicked excited to go see the A Day in Pompeii exhibit at the today!
Same here. One of the things that kept me from playing alts in WoW was losing all my pets, mounts, etc.
if i work by myself il cry....
oh awesome! what did you think?
I agree with the Pats - but very close.
Mgmt is playing!
watched "friends with benefits" on the flight home, and it was surprisingly good. it's not weird to tear up at a flash mob finale, right?
The guy in my office must do 17 seconds 7 times then! That beep gets mighty annoying to hear...
Isn't it wonderful?!
The summer is getting closer to an end. Take a final family trip up to Kentucky Down Under. Check out our half-priced tickets!!
Ambition is the last refuge of the failure. -Oscar Wilde
thanks guys!!!
Just burned some sage in my apartment. It smells like soapy weed.
See you next time San Diego. It's been fun!
It's fine by me, if you never leave <3
Sweet Brother Malcolm
no sweetie. you were talking about me. so technically it is bothering me. so i say stop talking about it and fuck off.
i wanna stay up and be up when my brother gets home from prom but that won't be for another hour an a half.. 3 am. .___.
Alabama Ain't Got Shit And My Og Trying Go Next Week Mfs Gone Bored Af!!
I really wanna be with you baby, but i gotta do me first
Hey Duke, I guess Missouri loves company :)
This #Saturday is our 16th Annual #Kitchens #Tour! Who's ready for some great #food and gorgeous houses?
man just counting blessings kid, off the scene! You?
Love how Alex Russo () always does things wrong :') #WizardsOfWaverlyPlace is amazing<U+2665> can't get bored of it ;)
Did Mohamed Sanu get drafted by Cincy for real this time or is it just another prank?
Musical theater singing today runs gamut from legit to rock. Some MT college programs now require pop/rock audition song.
The #Aztecs are getting hot and open up a 9 point lead, 41-32
Today's lunch a delicious cheese & onion enchilada from Efrain's. Skipped co. lunch, feeling a tad
#eastafrica #foodcrisis to speak about global food systems and her new endeavor,the 30 project, this fall
Thanks to for that great webinar on Facebook really again a lot of info
believe me dont believe in al da hype putt into your head!!
RT : #Lollapalooza this weekend -- if you volunteer you get in for free! Volunteering pays!
would you lik to work together
Well ur off to a great start! Keep pushing and maybe I'll get the chance to play guitar with u someday! Best VOo
yeah they were both pretty good
i bet that'd go well with #wisecrackers you comedian
If you live in Southern California or have friends that do, go to Emerald Agency's Facebook page and like us.
Atlanta, ga!!!!
I would get a sinus infection the week of prom.
It's possible that Colonel Tribune might be Bunny and Brandy's soul mate.
back to this grind! working on some great new opportunities! email me for details...
Pleased Sanitation picked up all the liquor bottles & I set out for recycling. Benefit: less trash being dumped on Hollins St.
Just answer in ways to push things forward!!!
Currently using my iPhone as a coaster for a can Old German. #LivingDangerously or just an
Props to the young women of for understanding basic points that eluded most of the women in my college womens studies seminar.
*Waves hands excitedly* RT : Tamron Hall/Olivia Pope fan club. Who's in?
I first read the Holy Bible I by faith knew it was real and believed and made it part of my life pray pray pray pray.......
when walks in on you naked....meh whatevs
Does Connie Britton use a picture of you for Twitter purposes?
I will.
me too!
That's crazy to hear about Hulk Hogan, but I still think holds the world champion belt of sex tapes.
Thanks Jim. It was another great camp, wish you could make it. My team didn't draft a catcher, so I transformed into one.
Is there a place where one might preorder such a thing?
nobody remembers the journey just the outcome...
You're welcome, Porter. Same to you!
dude your wathcing balboa without me?!?!?!?!
Yeah I do get jealous when you call someone else "my Asian" instead of me, you use to only call me that. It has no meaning to me anymore.
Sausage sauce ingredients are cooking like in the bottom of the 9th with two runners on.
Also, had a friendly Ethiopian driver on the way home. Recommended the vegetarian options at Ras Dashen. One of my favorite Ethiopian joints
But I'm so glad you came!
Was just filmed for uncomfortably long time by dude filming @ catholic charities art show. Have to believe its because he loved my scarf.
Sons & I are leaving the safe confines of Sec 124 for the Nordecke on Flogging Molly night. See y'all then if not before.
Nine days 'til Santa Anita
I love your new video so much<33 haha you, kian and Sam are my inspiration(: I love you guys c: <333
i wonder where might be..? i got the candy!! #yeeeaahh!
chocolate chip muffin at chango just saved my life.
Hi Sarah! Just replied with info, but let me know if you have any other questions. We'll make sure you get what you need!
As booze and morning after pills fly off shelves, I would like to wish ev1 a Happy New Year! Let's make 2012 great & full of new adventures!
Do I not show enough emotion?
I like zippers… Just don't chip your tooth on one.
I get up every morning determined to both change the world and have one (heck) of a good time. -E. B. White
Lol RT : just read what happened to you in Ohio. Freaky stuff bro. Would love to see you in MICHIGAN!
Not even gonna lie I'm tired ...
IT'S TIME TO DRANK
isn't that ironic:)
My load in time tmrrw is 3pm in Beverly Hills, you free before or after?
Best fastbreak of the year for Cards.
lots of love right back at you!
That looks heavenly...
Going to be in Orlando Florida any time soon?
M... love having a glass of iced tea while in the studio. Most DJ's thrive on coffee. But I like my tea.
Going to watch The Avengers thanks to and her friends :) lol
I know lol just come bro. Whenever
A very ethnically diverse crowd. I see many different shades of blue ties.
Been at the doctor office since 745am my baby girl has the flu.
Underway at AASA's #NCE12 in Houston (). Stop by Booth 102 to say hello!
Thank you, Hilary of Lady A, for thanking RADIO in your "Song of The Year" Grammy. Means a lot to us in the industry.
Being able to keep the windows open during a rainstorm.
It's cuz I'm right there with ya =]
where at?
Yea and so is Jamie Moyer...
Waiting 4 #sapphirenow to show #HANA #inmemory #Analytics performance that can come close to and waiting... and waiting...
Somehow just when you think you couldnt get anymore frustrated with the Royals, they manage to push past that
House passes resolution to intervene in Lobato case on voice vote.Now to Senate.
A DOLLAR MAKES ME HOLLA HONEY BOO BOO!! *snaps in z formation*
I shall see you tmrw at sears! (:
Going to sleep,
Love my life <U+2764>
I told all college coaches Alemany's Marqueze Coleman was a High Major too late now Nevada got a steal.
Bernanke leaves press conference with an unanswered Caps/Bruins question
let's scalp them again on the #pitch with a
I try my best bud
RT : If you plan to practice for the next ten years, what are you doing to understand your future clients today?
Your. You're. Your. You're. Your. You're. We can all eventually get it right, right?
FOLLOW BACK:) AND TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC OUT:) NEXT BIG THING
Denverites! Judy Hale is presenting tonight on professional credentials, certifications & more. Which ones benefit you? www.ISPI-FRC.org
bed before midnight the second day in a row? what is this madness?
i studied the night before too :p and sarah b got my back and told me what was on the test!
Thanks : Congratulations and best wishes to on her wedding! Have fun on ur honeymoon.
#Top10bestvideos - Justin Bieber ,, Justin Bieber omg
Another 1 down!
Just in: "We have had great crowds for both nights and, actually we only have a few of our 400 tickets left for your show."
no, some other GIZMO did!! of course!! w/o u I wouldn't have ever gotten in2 twitter!! my goal for =500 Followers
As your child graduates this season with hope for a next step in education, remember the Dreamers who graduate without that option.
"so we can steam on the way 2 the telly, go fill my belly, tbone steak, cheese eggs and welch's grape"
I stand corrected
i will so be there!
Just saw a guy carrying a roll of paper towel while walking two dogs. I guess that's ONE way to do it.
Glad to hear that! Are you guys playing?
That's what I call a real Bretzel! öckenwagner lecker!
“There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.”
studying fonts in the most boring shit ever
All American Rejects show
If I had a monkey,,,,I would teach him to be president of the United States. He definitely wouldn't do worse!
Cool deal today! For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
how was ultra!!
That's creepy.
Hit up at 4pm to get some good brew and bites from !
Life doesn't copy art, it imitates bad tv.
I need verified though. Because and... hold on
Walk off time!
I hear the screaming and crying of children.
That's a review I'll happily accept! ;) “: Thank you so much! I loved The Pirate Koostoe!
Jim Rome post-interview after 10 minutes of soft questions: "Stand up guy right there. Straight shooter. Pure class."
That's where we're headed. Can't wait until our new site goes live this summer.
doing ok..just "living the dream"..lol thankful for another day here with all of the ones I love<3. How's your family doing??
That's great!
Yo mamma is so stupid she went to the orthodontist to get a bluetooth.
Word fam...I can't wait...You always bless the tracks.
GOING TO THE BIG TIME RUSH CD SIGNING IN NATICK SATURDAY!!! OMFG I am so fuckin excited!!! i can't wait to meet them!!! :D
He does he is amazing I love my bestfriend !!<3<3
happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
After the fog starts cleaning your notice what type of fucken mess you created; and even after that you understand but dont have to agree.
congratulations Girls you deserve it please follow me :)
so exited for the album release! You were great at #sxsw!
I actually want to sing turn to you to my mom for mothers day but....well she's not a single mom, so the lyrics kinda dont fit.
let me kno I got u
Tim Tebow is cover boy of the premiere issue of NFL Magazine. But he doesn't show up inside until the magazine's final quarter.
What would college be without days where stress is high and you cant seem to wake up?? It's just all part of the the life...
hello! I don't know about you, but I'm still tryin to catch up on z......
Don't forget to keep requesting "Old School"!
#BoiseSOC Bieter:“Act as if you have faith, and faith will be given to you.”
Has anyone ever been as nasty as Halladay was today? Would have taken a miracle to get a hit off him
itunes, netflix, grumble grumble argh
Hi my internet is off for a while so this may be my only tweet for a while peace peoples, love very day,on" on and on and on blah blah bye!
you right, but I'm on restriction so can't this weekend :\
On a positive note, my thyroid is back to normal. Now to shift this weight...
That's an awesome talk.
I agree with you. Not true at all. Great meeting you yesterday. Ps. I miss UCLA.
my self before I decide to go any further. So let see what's up by then!?
throw my dollars up highAnd they land on the stage you dance on We got company coming over Would it kill you to put some pants on
signing up another new client this morning. i love getting people healthy!!!!!
My mom AND my dad love Call Me Maybe... Well done :)
can you ask him/get him to ask Leyna about extra SW/XBL cards? It's for a friend.
So Tim mad ? Lol
I'm a total slacker at the office, but I get my work done so fast I have time to burn! But you are right, I crave earth.
I wish we delivered! RT : I wish u were here I'd have u Bring me some enchilada soup from Botanas
The UP is selling like hot cakes! Just called Apple Store, Best Buy and Target and they're all out?!
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did.
Every town that I passed in minnesota so far had a sister city in sweden.
Please give me a shoutout
going to bed :PP
My dad chews like a pig, STFU.
hopefully we will be in Canada in the years to come.
Thanks for the link John. Hadn't come across that one.
i love when i see people who i adore but havent seen in years. it just makes my day
Everything I do is for you.
have fun!! (wish i were there...womp womp.)
What Berlin are you representing? In what state or country are you located?
Ready to get home.
Every time I remember that John Krazinski is married I get do sad
Did Darling Niki and Westley hook up last night? They had a date. She got home.. late.. ?? I hope they dish the dirt on our blog soon!
Don't try to be all things to all people. Find your niche and speak to it. Thrive in it!
u kno mission #blackingout is already in the plans for this weekend
She is a straight clucker
Whn ppl tell jokes,Im alwys the last 1 to laugh.Not bc I dont get them,but bc I dont find them funny.Ever.Do I rly not hve a sense of humor?
Take aways from today's FastForward camp: all writing can be snappier, compare retweets to click-throughs, complexity continues.
The rest of the field is determined by the NCAA's objective Pairwise rankings system and sent regional sites
I'm not holding my breath!
From : To start out with animal communication, ask the animals for help. Let them guide you and teach you.
no problem! By the way vote for me for Nuvo Indy's best Retweeter! Bwahahahaha
sometimes you need real world division when you have students that don't have skin in the game #pubarch could impact long term relationships
Son of a bitch.. I gotta spam DM and I accidentally opened it. ._.
roads are clear. ttyl
Favorite person of the day award goes to.. for the grand opening of ! The cookies are bonkers!!! Red velvet for your life!
My story on is on page 8 of the today. Check it out in print.
can. not. wait.
The Miami Heat won!!!! The Miami Marlins won!!! Now let's go Panthers let's get the win baby!!!! #pantherslive at 7:30pm
“: #tournamentofman” more like
you appreciate empire more after new hope
nope, still trying. I had an exchange, but still have not received it. was told via email of a price difference, but (1/2)
Yo! What's up??
Morning people its one day closer to Fri hope everybody has a great day!
I love playing #BelleAndSebastian while riding my vintage bike on the trainer indoors. I always feel like I'm in some trendy indie movie...
My advice: Develop some kind of fixed schedule (dance, gym, rock climbing, whatever). A routine will help.
So announced this is their last show. All the more poignant.
we should def link up soon
Can you PLEASE address the electoral college? And get rid of it, so EVERY vote counts? Maybe more people will VOTE!
Shes not here anymore :(
Another great #workout to start the day. Boot camp tonight at 6. Ok, I suppose I can work in between workouts. ;)
wonder if they'll lose ratings next year. it's already sometime-sy this season as far as quality writing for episodes this yr
blast from the past!
hey farva, what's that place you like with all the shit on the walls??
• booing a kid's MLB debut is absolutely ridiculous.
Not true. Let's just focus on Jillian Barbarie for right now.
Huff (Rep Leader) jabbing at Steinberg (Dem Leader): "We still have a $9.2b problem." Yes, that is why we need to pass Gov initiative!
Working on the project list. Plenty of things to do! Most of them really fun and exciting!!!
Hope so!!! Sounds exciting :)
Follow back me,Is Awsome related to Pretty Little Liars
More manly? Duran Duran's "Notorious" or sleeping on a pillow with beads sewn onto it?
Conductors cannot expect people with vibratos to remove them completely especially in long works. But in Bach there R moments requiring none
didn't even bring my books home from school. :)
I feel like I'm gonna puke. :(
RT : "What we’re witnessing is a bottom-up revolution in education: Learners, not institutions, are leading innovation." -
One of best Xmas cd's is one that the Beach Boys did a few years ago. Still really like "Little St. Nick". Give it a listen..you'll like it!
Lets see if Americans grieve for Walter Cronkite like they have for MJ
A few have asked for this game, so let's see who can get the "W'!
Bikram Yoga's new ringing endorsement: "I've gone twice in the last week and am not dead yet."
I will be live on Kiss FM to talk about my upcoming movie, Jessie, plus my new record. Turn in to Kiss FM! Xoxo <3
She's 12 and you're what 17/18... Let me know how her baby sitter feels about that.
Huntsman: Believes everything should be up for budget cuts, including Dept. of Defense
"he is meeting the prime minister of england at the white house today...via twitter...go figure!"
I'm not going to Disney so we can see the avengers tonight if you guys want
I think McCain forgot his depends. He is afraid to stand up
Thanks so much ! We love playing in Chatt. It's one of the coolest cities in the southeast for sure. We'll be back real soon
Thanks so much! We appreciate that!
I cant do it today. But if youre there tomorrow ill show you it
I got a feeling #Seattle will welcome #Darvish to the #MLB the right way..by posting 6 run in 3 inn. #goM'S
Cant sleep, when will this end ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Holiday Sale tomorrow 9-5 ! Get AWESOME items from the Casa Ideas collection! All proceeds will help #SexuallyAbusedChildren!
Had a great time at the Loyola Univ networking event today.
HoeLies #79: It's a bad picture, I look better in real life.
Love to have you taste, could you complete app at www.TasteTweet.com and I'll get you actual Taster invite info. Thx
oh noo RT boys r in 4 Movember some more aggressively than others -lookin at u
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do. -Johann Von Goethe
Took you long enough big bro..do you remember me?!?!
happy mothers day to the strongest mom i know ! my mom love you!!
best line ever
nothin' beats a 2 day work week #Thanksgiving break or bust!
Do an Irish jig! Get a Large 3-Topping pizza, $9.99 all day. Wash it down with some green beer, $2.99 for a 20oz. (#stpatricksday only)
Back on my inscriptions.
it always involved them.
Maybe drs get them from pharmaceutical companies as incentives to prescribe their drugs? Based on watching Love & Other Drugs..
i didn't fail i just wanted to finish reading it! :(
Enjoyed eating tasty food and soaking up the ambiance w/ #DerekFleming at #RedRoosterHarlem. #Travelistas in Harlem with
#teamfunsize where y'all at??? RT for a s/o
Any time you got nothing to do - and lots of time to do it - come on up.
Online search engine Advertising and marketing -The Complete ...
#swallt2012 keynote, Teaching on the edge: Language instruction in liminal spaces. W/ turn paradigms on side, make visible
The helicopters are gone now.
finding the stapler in the refrigerator is also a clue. Have a relaxing weekend!
Oh dear! There needs to be a non-shirt, no-shoes,no- game watching law.
I'm coming with
Thank you for the MT! :)
officially against mcr.
Someone wanna be a doll and bring me some food?
Look at you go!!! *claps*
is getting interviewed for #Star #Wars documentary next weekend!
It's Mirabella Eclano, a beautiful mountainous town near Benevento. It's a poor place but rich in antioxidant farms! ; )
If you come across another one of these, I would really love it! Or more, my daughter would.
Tomorrow is Day 1 of our 7 straight Days at the WM Phoenix Open. Looking forward to seeing our SW Section PGA guys out there!
went for the additional beer.
Wounds fucking hurt...
First student has arrived. Just 23 more. I've had several calls of delayed flights so it might turn into a longer day than planned.
cheer up ! No need to be sad , get glad !
Anytime I try to choreograph in my living room, the Pitador thinks its time to play and tries to join in. We have different dance styles.
yup I know. I talked to him last week
do your followers "listen" to you if you tell them to follow someone?
Thx! RT : I recommend 's Pitmen Painters for what it says about our relationship with art, no matter who we are
Don't forget the ones who have been there from the start; (:
The #Padres have the longest current road series winning streak in #MLB - they've won 11 straight at Pittsburgh. Next high is 6.
we're setting up a elementary/middle school partnership right now. Let's share ideas. When is your presentation?
We love birthdays around here. Afternoon break:
My mind made up, grind game up, thank the Lord I'm so blessed....
Check out the link my homie sent ta ya and let me know what you think homie
I'm so burnt it's embarrassing. Who knew SPF was needed in Ohio. Feel free to slap anywhere so I'm reminded of my stupidity.
Better hope I don't find you . Cuz if I do , imma punch you in your ugly face .
lol yea yea yea
argh! Stevens was RIGHT, it is tubes. He wasn't right about much, but he was right about that.
very soon, thanks for the support, Sac needs some G.A.! Lol
That awkward moment...When you realize someone deleted their comments on facebook and it looks like you're talking to yourself.
Time for another graduation...no air conditioner in this gym.
Going old school...watching McGyver
Have fun at Panda Express?:D
The one you're looking for, you're not going to find her here...
He gives power to the weak, and to those who have no might He increases strength. - Isaiah 40:29
lol - so have you studied the effects of maple sugar on one's mental state?
Julio Jones is making a strong case for the top rookie WR and might be worth the 1.02 in rookie drafts
Love your app. would like to store "staples" grocery list & add menu to it weekly. any plans for something like that? THX!
Going on the power tower :D
good morning!
hey sam it charissa is this the right sam?
Wow. I am DONE with theater for the semester. Almost.
Freedom to be exploited? The race to the bottom continues...
need to go to sleep but cant get off twitter lmao....... over tired
Yeah, in 2009. The person that got me a free ticket got "sick" the night of and didn't give it to me
If you could pick one word to describe us, what would it be?
Glad to know my favorite director from ages 9-17 and ages 25-present is friends with my favorite director from ages 18-24.
LOL! I am pleased to report he didn't go over his allotted 20 seconds.
can I get a RT or a follow from the best CF in baseball?!
Im going to bed. Goodnight guys and goodnight i am really happy for you and you deserve all of it okay?<3 We love you<3
Looking forward to Casino Night at Mellon Auditorium for the National Kidney Foundation tonight! Last year was such a blast!
I got my hair cut right now and I asked if they could fix it. now that I'm home it looks like all they did was trim the back shorter...
Live for the Moment, not the Memory
Thanks! I agree!
Drive to the city to rage or stay at my moms in the burbs and wake up early. So many choices.
Shower time.
Did you figure out how old Grandpa is? I'm thinking 91... ??
And our guides to #LincolnPark have arrived!
Signed up for my LAST fall semester classes! I see the light!!
Thanks for caming all the way from Elon to help us support our community. Again, we couldn't do it without you. MT
Today is a great day to make fun of people.
I love ya like Pu**y, money, weed
#InAGhettoHouse just ran out of fried chicken and grape kool-aid
Thank you, Mr. Jobs, for making technology easy for the rest of us to use. You've changed my life. You've changed the world.
Just met with James Hill, a new rep at the agency. I got a good feeling about this guy!!!
rick perry pulling out after santorum surges
SMH. I HOPE YOU HAVE A GREAT DAY BEAUTIFUL
BBC radio reporter just asked homeless woman what she does when she wants to bring her boyfriend home . . . . . . .
go to youtube and search KARISSA LYNN
Booted and suited this AM for - Tune into at 7:40
Playstation+ Subscribers are going to get Rayman: Origins for $15 next month (and Trine 2 and Rock of Ages for free).
Ever thought about breaking your book up into booklet filled with tips, tricks and techs and handing them out at events?
I have friends that use "me" for that.
#expowest about one months and counting! Who else will be there?
For some people you just have to spell it all out--just like you would when speaking to a 4-year old.
As soon as I hear my alarm going off, I get super sad
TB: Reflects on the opportunity to collect objects from Public Enemy's
Happy Halloween From All of us at SenSpa!
Definitely! We'll be doing another naming (or a bris) sometime in mid to late May for #2. Might be a good excuse!
One week till Disney!
Enjoying a second cup of coffee!!! Almost time for lunch...
Thanx. Same to you
Make sure you don't miss 'The Jungle' folks! Really great, interesting film.
It only took me a few minutes to decorate!!!
Latina Leaders, follow El Nacional: In Search of the American Dream
Jazz Vocalist/Songwriter Lisa McGlown Teams up with Music Legend Candi Staton on Beracah Records, Inc. to Release Jazz Single, “Tenderly”
haha recovering now with mimosas “: After partayyyyy ”
Mahalo for the mention!
Goosebumps is on.. It's about an evil sponge. Please tell me why we were scared of this show/books again?
care to lax?
Had a bunch of fun at the Northshore Christian Church Black & White gala again this year! Lotsa dancing and good food.
I totally agree. Go Rox
not really, just tired! :)
Having Tacos for supper. I always get yelled at for putting to much meat on my taco. -.-
Wish my shoulder & neck didn't hurt #wahwahwah #complain <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yikes, that's not good. Anything we can do to help? What version are you using?
if it was not for Omar's double error we would have had a huge day.. I will book the profit and move on to
Freshman year was great but I'm ready to be more involved on campus now that I've figured out what I'm doing.
Work dont stop. I move according to the work
You don't have to worry about me sexing your daughter! Um rude ppl.
RT : Brandon Roy sets target date for return: Friday at Toronto. Says he has been cleared to practice Wednesday.
This episode of #Jeopardy is really depressing. Are we getting that dumb as a society?
"Strapped Down My Bed. Feet Cold And Eyes Red. I'm Out My Head." "Am I Alive, Am I Dead?!" From The Song, "Rosetta Stoned" by TOOL.
you're making an assumption that I'm a catcher. Why?
We don't make it rain, we start
RT : twitter is my favorite book
Panel on #mobile for holiday: using rewards a la preserves ability to charge higher prices in store
. I rather see drake & ross do a ablum
I rarely drink but thanks to our government i am driving to the liquor store.
#ForgettablePirates the second coming of Richie Hebner
it's been sunny! Oh and stormy
Actually Reading a book #SteveHarvey #
listening to i love her music:) IM A SWIFTY!
Another edition of "Down on the #RedSox Farm" coming tomorrow morning, including #PawSox streaks, Brentz, Bradley and a #Drive no-no.
Outline a plan for social media just as you would a traditional PR program
Can't stop. Must stop. Can't stop.
thanks for the yummy cupcake.
pshhhh! Who said that? -puts bag over my head in embarrassment-
What you doing in NOLA? I'm from there, so let me know if you run out of debaucherous things to do!
Cough medicine and Claritin D, please start working :(
Is so bored.
Sarkis is my third home
And u r one of the most patient people I know! RT I put together nicks bedroom set from ikea...By myself! You can do it!
Forecast for Rest Of The Overnight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 60s. North winds 10 to 15 mph.
Why are the minorities always in the bottom 3 on #americanidol !?! This is garbage!!
RT : If you have to explain why it's funny, it isn't. If you have to explain why it isn't funny, it is.
My opinion doesn't matter much. But it would inconvenience everyone who uses the Rose Bowl Loop jogging path.
your welcome and I hope you had a great birthday
project entitled, "wedding hall carnations". reminding me of every tacky wedding i've been to for some weird and great reason.
After today, I'm feeling #TweetChats polarize interests more than enable cooperative collaboration...Is that it from the #peanutgallery?
lol u know it
No Ricky # Boys in the Hood
Hi All! Look for our 2010 ASTDRMC Board Election today at www.astdrmc.org
Paulson fund in the red again - China Daily
Thunder woke me up in other words woke me up since he likes thunderstorms so much...every time it thundered Joe came in mind.. !!!!
Honey badger don't care? Well I don't give a FUCK....beat that honey badger
I imagine you'll be regularly featured from this point forward.
So tired! Where's my #secondWind?
I'm going to jump in and disagree, on the discovery front. Summon has improved our web presence significantly. #libchat Q1
every scar ihave makes me who iam .
ill post some pics up 4 ya my brutha
you better check your PO box before you move to miami! (;
About to go ride my cousin's new horse she so pretty she is a Palomino/paint horse my Fave Breed!! I'm so PSYCHED!!
Chicago will not have a white Christmas this year.
So its a cold day in h3$% I'm starting to use twitter...oh gosh welps if i didnt kno something I guess I do now huh.....smh
right, I only know of one person who has actually planned one out but no one who has participated
Uh-oh....I got you tweeting!!! LOL :) and thanks!
KY Jelly, etc. Air, etc.
Spa Week is finally here!!
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<3 xoxo
oh my god i havent been on here in forever
The hardest part about the business is minding your own
~The Glen Campbell tribute and martina's performance. powerful. ya'll rocked as usual.
thanks and in Public Communication
I Love People That Can Makes ME LAUGH , When I Dont Even Whant's To SMMILE
ITS GONA BE CRAZY MARCH 31 IN THE MIXX EMPIRE get at me 4 info
Spring Forward, more daylight!
Help! Any ideas on how to locate a misplaced #iphone with ringer turned off? Any way to make it wake up and ring? #Apple and #ATT no help.
I miss you too! You just made me cry a bit. Seriously, thank you. I needed that. I love you.
and yes there was a dash of sarcasm in last post. rofl
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:25am in Atlanta, GA it is surprisingly warm at 68 degrees. High: 68* Low: 34*
Adding "Watch c-beams glitter in the dark near the Tanhauser Gate" to my bucket list.
I Love your music.
Either that stage is really big..Or there are very few people in the "crowd". haha.
RT : Is something big going on with the Cubs? As Harry Caray would say, "Could be, might be, . . . Tune in tomorrow"
Thanks, Karina! Are you coming?
Just got 1000 beautiful new CDs in!!!
Maybe I will have to sponsor a grant competition, I mean, wait, let's see, Twompetition, to see who can incorprorate this into their class.
That cool, what are your other bands? :)
Thanks too everyone who wished me a Happy Birthday & who came out and kicked it with me last night at !!
Let's get it Travis Henry's Kidzzzz
They say he [Thales] found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days. D. L. 1.27, DK A1
It's like 3 o'clock in the morning and I'm still awake. Smh.
Sweet!! RT : Catching up on New Girl finale. Did you know Schmidt played young Sandy Cohen in an OC flashback?
Shit by the Looks of whats behind u Dude #Lowkey u eat more than SMALL CHILDREN... HA U KIDDIN ME?
I want Sarah Palin and Christine O'Donnell to have their own talk show. We'll call it "Vapid and Vapider"
Ugh, I can't go back to sleep.
Last home game of the season has begun!
#Orlando. BIG FIESTA planned for November 1. Bring your friends, bring family! 30 years in the business!
cookies make good spoons.
No conditions are permanent. ~Buddha
How can you not want to smash that cocky smirk off Paul Krugmans sniveling, pathetic, bootlicking, know nothing, status quo face?
that's an amazing disc!!! Watched the whole thing in one day,!
Like, that's a website? I'm trying to figure out what site you're talking about.
Agreed! Thanks again!
guys we cant do anything about it. he's 16, okay? chill. he's gonna do what all other 16 year olds will do. he's just a kid. screw TMZ
jealous. To top it off did you get to see the cubs blow that lead?
did you shed the tears? :)
I have not talked to #oomf in a min thats my nigga.!
Every 15 mins you spending planning saves you 60 mins down the line; 1 hr saves you 4 hrs. Take time to plan today!
You know you are a geek when by habit the first program you launch is terminal.
Happy birthday Jen!
RT : Off to okc for an appointment at ou health sciences!
I'M ON IT
well urban commuting is tricky then. I would say you could ave maybe 12 mph, so 30 mins? I would test it out b4 you depend on it
Did everyone have a good holiday weekend?
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 18
Follow for ethiosoccer in DC
Many great guitar players that I know have pretty red-headed girlfriends. Just a 1am observation.
you alright dude?
Crazy wind today. I can't help but wonder how the tiny dogs fare in this weather. Wouldn't they just blow away like tumbleweed?
I cannot see any way in which NBC continues to give these shows chances. Network TV is a business, after all.
James Dean.
if that's the case, you can buy a stand and an umbrella through B&H online and trigger your flash on the stand?
didn't I blow your mind this time? pop quiz: where's that quote from?!
No school monday, Richmond today, get to go in late tomorrow and thursday. Can you say best week of school ever?
Do you like jazz? ;)
Much appreciated Mike. Hope u are enjoying ur wkend!
Bill has the same chance of winning that a one legged man in an ass kicking contest does.
WHAT IN THE HOLY NAME OF ST RAMONA SINGER WAS HE THINKING?!
Jim Slater & Joey Crabb dressing for Team USA...... Yep, players care so much about the World's.
ooohhh lol well very nice i like ;)
considering they were towing cars I would go with yes
Make sure to check out Rexford's blog at rexfordwarnock.tumblr.com
You seriouslydisgust me.
Loving this cold weather Houston
I ain't even mad, oh wait I'm writing an essay, I'm pretty damn mad
HER EYES SEE EVERYTHING SHE WILL FIND YOU
When you send me short responses like that you make me feel bad.
Want to make cibreo, anybody in Milwaukee or Chicago know where to source cocks combs?
Follow us face book and twitter and receive a free class
egads, now you're just getting loopy. time to turn that thing in.
I should have gotten in on the fantasy draft this year. I need another distraction
At $3.81/gallon, gasoline costs 13 cents less today than it did a year ago.
Thanks for the #ff - missing #DucksNation and
God redeems all things including my Jesus Jukes
Or just send it via email
ok. Im only 5 minutes away from the station.
Tx for the follow & more! Looking forward to your tweets.
Why don't we assess the process and not the outcome? Do we always have to be right? Where does the learning really happen?
Every time you hear the word #oscars, give a toast to Angostura bitters! Cheers!
Going to be a sick night! Can't wait...Heard a lot of good feedback about you.
Good Morning TYVM!
The easiest way for your children to learn about money is for you not to have any. Whitehorn, Katharine
NUMBER ONE RULE : DONT EAT MY FOOD !
New Icon what do u think?
Swedish candy is so yummy!!!
“Chicago DJ Network” is playing my music. www.chicagodjnetwork.com
i would slap you but i dont want to get slut on me
REALLY sad thing is,the women at my last job would read that & go "thank GOD I can pretend I know what he's talking about now."
welcome back sunny weather just for you!
hey, you hung up. I wasn't done lawl
epic win!
the Hilton is excellent - felt like royalty. I burned the last of my pts there before moving on to hyatt.
Do be do be do(Scooby do)
Ok tweeps, it's the last Monday before Christmas. We want to know: do you get a real tree or a fake one? RT and let us know!
Remove Resistance in Sales. Have a conversation. No pain involved. shares savvy details w tonite 8pm
Tonite the nite I let you know baby tonite the nite we lose control baby tonite you need that tonite believe that tonite I'll be the best
RT Exercise is a dirty word... Every time I hear it, I wash my mouth out with chocolate
Last track meet of the season today, and then regionals!
sorry do not know your language
idk either maybe to see exactly what he had to defend himself against. He knew something was coming but not exactly what
Just ate a 1lb burger :D
Ya, I like your definition of normal stuff as well. Pretty awesome you're writing a novel!
My take: Fifty Shades of Grey appeals to adults who devoured Twilight and just want someone to talk about the sex already...
Vision turned into reality.
That's next week's career storytime all sorted. Craft: making career hats: chef, police, fireman, astronaut. Newsie hats for branches.
I'm burning up as it is
found snake and mouse in return duct yesterday. Both dead.
A full life comes by having the right motivation, taking immediate action, and showing gratitude no matter the outcome.
One day your little games are gonna catch up to you.
Happy Look ALike Day!!!!
Hello Tom!
Happy Birthday, Mr. President! May God continue to protect & bless you...Barack H. Obama!!
I can give you 25 reasons why im really in love with you..
I love the weekend! Nothing is better than getting to see smiling kids play and families have fun together! (via )
Quiet time at desk means: run tape of puppet show and practice - looking a bit like an idjit. Remaining mom laughing at me.
Ignore that jer Nick. Packer Nation still loves you and we miss you and are very proud of you.
#Thingsthatpissesmeofinthemorning when people open the door while im sleeping and leave it open
I have 1 tomato growing in my garden
be there I'n a minute
I think I already broke something. Either that or Twitter is an even bigger epic fail than it used to be.
our Internet has been out since Friday morning.
Don't give up beer for Lent! Come in and enjoy our beer battered fish dinner! And don't miss our Friday fish frys!
orange juice slushies = my new obsession :)
teaching what? Teaching you how to dougie? DAMN RIGHTI DID
Ssgsshdgjkgjgh RT : nigga Shutcho pussy ass up...before i put you in the hospital again
The weather sure has been beautiful lately. What’s your favorite place to explore and take photos at around #RVA? Belle Isle? Maymont?
my ID is Margafret :D
You ever think the person you were supposed to be with died before you ever met them? A depressing thought, unless you’re Vic Frankenstein.
victory through destruction - goodbye SBJSON
RT RT I don't think its possible for 2 men to have a kid
Watching at MSG with Pickapart, don't wanna see your face, better than, ocean! Great start!
Yes it Is, plus a new movie being released this summer!
hahaha okay :) Where are you from?
EnerCare Shareholders Re-Elect All of Management&#39;s Director Nominees
an it was tweet not urs
As always, fighting the urge to annotate my database design docs with pictures of robots. [:|]
Yea, they really didn't plan that at all did they? I ran the WarriorDash a couple yrs ago. Tons of fun. Muddy Buddy this yr! :)
I'm pretty sure Walter from Fringe has the best dreams.
So busy reading the 42 page license agreement for iTunes update I missed the iPad3 announcement.. What do you mean it's #notcalledipad3?
NO IT'S MONDAY TOMORROW! WHY?!?!?!
But who wants to be followed by 7 jerks? Not me.
in bed, saving energy for tomorrow. Where r u?
I guess you think it is a valid point.
#nsta12 two good sessions so far, drilling through to the common core and computational thinking from google
Hey New York: Tell me where all your readings are at. Especially the secret ones.
RT Free Fair Trade Coffee in library mall in just 1 hour! 11-3pm today!
At the Visual Studio 2010 Launch in Arlington - line for dudes in the bathroom after each presentation - no wait for women.
oh okay. True. Cause you should of been hit the pop page. So how long you had yours for?
And you're on vacation where other people live. What a crazy universe!
Just cuz I go to spelman doesnt make me stuck up
First I had a mf next to me smelling like musty onions from Maxwell's...he leaves, and a girl sits down smelling like potpourri...wtf...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I'm good just trying to get back there
If dat one same person retweets everything u tweet he/she probly feelin u..
...and deliver a product that in the end, audiences will be the judge. This one so far, results have been positive. Still, much work to do.
Happy National Bieber Day !(: So i cannot believe hes 18.! i remember backk in 2009 when i first started beliebing (: haha
PICKLE RT : It's a might bit windy today. How's a WINDY CITY Chicaago Dog sound for lunch? What makes a great Chicaago Dog anyway?
Those who matter don't mind, those who min don't matter- Dr. Seuss
Time to get serious.
At Historic Houseparts on South Ave. Found it in the warehouse out back
It’s National Pi Day (3.14 >> March, 14th). RT if you’re a fellow math nerd and proud of it!
Won Most Promising Songwriter, Future Star Vocalist, Album of the Year, and Music Video of the Year!!! Great year for NACMAI!!
Amazing day of #Machon12 planning with Time to rest-up for another full day tomorrow! Lilah tov!
Bitches play so hard in front of other bitches but are actually soft af
Fun! RT : Busy Weekend! Art Walk on Santa Fe tonight, Justice League kickoff bash sat night, City Park Jazz, Sun.
carry on with your hilarious jokes than....sorry. ;)
Gosh i freaking hate when she does this
ready for round 2, and ?
Fifteen Inspector Lewis Mysteries all on Netflix ready to watch? Oh hells yes.
i agree. rev. 21 chapter 1
Hey everyone! Just a reminder that ticket prices will increase on September 1st - get them at the discounted price before it's too late!!
Hoping to get you sprung like bail bonds.
KC IMPROV Power House Line Up
package part is because items must be concealed until you get home
you're not catching on, ugh. What does itch rhyme with?
Birthday in the Little household - DQ Cake w/flames, Go carts, mini-golf, and fun with friends
damn straight. Lmao they sell waffles too??
RT True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness &righteousness -Albert Einstein
8/16/2010 40 Top Marketers to Follow on Twitter Cool Marketing Stuff
What do you do when all of your motivation is gone?
ok big homie I see you doing your thang.
Sleeping on sunshine
ha me to, maybe even some capture the flag
Did u really just say "DORK"? -.-
good look bro seaport the music tell me what you think about them other joints when you can SAE
u r too kind!! I see why jeanne likes u so much :-)
actually you hold the back button and push the home button to do it
im bout to play marvel vs capcom 2
CRAZY SHOW! Thanks and Cincinnati!
tonight I was supposed to go work out but I decided to watch the new footage from a short film I did. All I have to say: amazing!
you said the one on top !! I'm sorry . :/
You try to break me down imma go harder
shit you boys are having the time of your life
#FF Thanks for the mention!
I have an email composed to you-I am just waiting to hear back from friend- Plus I had another good idea! ;)
I was with them for awhile. But once they all ended back up in prison it was like WTF!!! Let me know how it ends though.
Us 2!RT : Super excited to be back tonight! Always a great time! We are playing w/ Battleme and Secret Music.
Starbucks! They come in cute little packets. Lol
wait... they have souls? Lol you know I am just joking.
awww thank you you rock #SHOUTOUT!
Two men in canoe, photographed in about 1883 at Coranderrk Aboriginal Station ... - The Australian
What does Cris Carter have to do to make the HOF? It's crazy!
Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today. Tough day for the Colts....or is it? #suckforluck #conspiracy?
thanks Bro. You are right there with us. You want to be on Commencement ?
I guess do u
I wonder how much they will go for on eBay...
so ipad2 is coming on March 2nd? does it have a camera?if so, i'll get it!!!
I wanna go gator huntinnn!< 3(:
My #FridayReads is Pulp & Paper, by Josh Rulnick. I love short stories. Iowa Short Fiction Award AND bonus, printed it.
Aiden just got his first movie in the mail for Disney rewards codes. thanks to those who donated them. Still collecting if anyone has codes
Has a problem with releasing too much music before the actual project comes out... That is all
Cutest things ever!
me tweet or u tweet
trying to stay awake and grade and practice my endless summer routine
i hope so. randy and hunter is gunna be there
I want to move into Hobby Lobby. Peace out, Michaels! So happy we finally have one in Vegas. I do need a second job :)
College students are out for the summer?! dang....
Hats | Dig Web
It's not that warm.out yet but ill be drinking so who care hahaha
RT HELP! Apple or android apps?
Lemme be the one when its time to turn it up a notch ,
You need to follow people doing things you're interested in. For example, I keep up with copyright stuff here. ^_^
Welcoming our Concept Art for Videogames and Photoshop workshops students this a.m. w/ the infamous Manny Carrasco as their instructor!
Self expression, and the arts. Open-mindedness to creativity. Ability to be adaptive teachers.
#Obama touts his #highered feats: grads now pay only 10% of monthly income on #studentloans. No more #Romney jabs?
I should be writing an essay. But all I really want to do is drink some tequila
SO TRUE. every time the used comes to Seattle I end up getting super schwasted/ too excited on life. haha
HALFTIME: #Gators lead Louisville 41-33.
Do you have a download link to the Janine & the Mixtape song?!
Robby bringing on the gossip. Thatta boy.
Sounds fun!
No foul ??
- yeah, I thought that, too. Apparently Al ran out of dough.
damn I don't even have to watch anymore NCAA or NBA games anymore. I just have to look at tweets
data is so much more complex than score or arbitrary cut point. Too bad so few Ed "leaders" understand this.
I get so many headaches
I've never cared much for #Nutella. There's something wrong with me, isn't there?
fortunate! Get some rest, lucky for rest day tomorrow.
No way - Kacey rocks the house - she's amazing & first to welcome me here!
Thank you for the follow, much appreciated :)
Estrada looking slightly less sharp at the plate... *cough*
And many of em RT don't watch HS football, so I'd be game for USAFA CFB games on Friday nights. Great tickets available I bet
The question is not at what age you wish to #retire-its at what
Are hearing anything re: that the Jags considered a trade for Tebow, but compensation language got their way also?
son...RT : LMAOOO RT : Yo if my dick taste like chocolate, my shit would be gone. I like chocolate, b
can you play stairway to heaven? :)
ill advised: recklessly catching a late spring cold and talking so much you lose your voice.
Like REALLY light golden brown maybe. :D. and DO IT.
RT : The way to develop decisiveness is to start right where you are, with the very next question you face. ~ Napoleon Hill
Seriously fire #Bob Bradley.
I do approve. Well, I don't because a CF means things are going wrong, but I like your style.
love it. Which one are you?? :)
I didn't expect Ruby's regex comparison operator to work in PHP, but I also didn't expect this: $str = 'foo'; $str =~ '/f/'; >> '<U+0419>?'
follow me(: love you and your mate cody simpson!!!!!
RT : I understand Twitter needs to make money with these promoted tweets, but are we sure it won't turn into more spam posts?
Go figure ... more PR's tonight!
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st (:
Everybody. Don't be gay, and check out ISOLATIONIST. Pretty tight music, and some cool dudes.
hahaha before I lose me accent and forget about the lonestar state!!!
We will announce auditions for Colab soon! Who's ready to audition?
Most definitely RT : RT the best sleep ever Sleeping Naked >>>>
He meets me where ever I like<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
You could cut the ties with all the lies that you've been living in, and if you don't want to see me again I would understand
Campaign fun! Phonebanking this evening @ 5p & our MEGA-WALK Saturday @ 1030a. Join us & bring real representation to Irving! 2912 MacArthur
all the lakers fans talkin about somethin else amongst each other too lmao "man this weather <<<<"
good luck! You'll do great!
Should I trust what my dreams are telling me?
see my avatar tweet from last night. Hahaha
Out to dinner with my family celebrating my mama's birthday!!!!
Expect two no's before the yes! Dale Carnegie via Jen Holloway.
“: THE HOUSE!!!“: Morehouse crushes Yale in the debate...””
Goin great Mark, book mostly done. Burnin candle at both ends, tho :) "How goes, Chris?" cc:
Really don't want a relationship like my mom and dad has...
when writing a book for the 1st time you learn a lot. and i look forward to adapting what I've learned to the short story and book 2 Goliath
Today is the last Tuesday to skate at Rockefeller Center for $7.50 (incl. skate rental!). Go slice some ice on this pleasant afternoon. :)
It's rain people! Not fire balls falling from the sky. DRIVE!!!!
Nice..wats the number?
trying new items at work. I've never wanted to pound Pepto more...
Full moon tonight?
NFL Network ads for Golden Coral makes me hungry.
These delicious tiny tangerines make me feel like a giant:)! Very yummy!
I want some mcdonalds or buger king
Wawa grubbing at 6 am was a bad idea. Missed a class and never eating again
Am following up on Samira's case for Wmn Undr Siege. If you have info/thoughts u would like me to include, pls let me know.
Did you REALLY just ask if I have a car!? I have 9 of them!! Haha....
The E-Trade Baby has become too weird...
Dear NYC, you know I love you - but if you don't warm up soon, I may have to cheat on you. You've been warned.
What??? R u injured? Ur car totaled
i couldn't open the link you sent... it said it was removed. sorry!
If we stand together we will be UNBROKEN <3
Ewwww menudo boiling in my house << :&
Amen sister. Same thing here. They don't help you find the cause, they just keep handing out more scripts.
IT WAS!!!! It made me smile 'cause you NEVER see celebrities with zits! I felt bad because I think he noticed me looking at it
good!(: how was your birthday? :D
People that Made Me Smile Everyday & <3 :D
I got to say I love your tweets stelena all the way!!!!
why bitches act like they're bad when they goe a ass or some titts
I love this the boys are tweeting somuch
Rain has stopped the sun is out, drop in for some patio specials: $3 glass of select wines, cheese & crackers $7.99, big case discounts!
Check out my new FB page! Irresistible Woman - Sacramento, CA!
for now, Dick Clark... so long. RIP
How about you? :)
Barrett is here.
“: Hi Ladies! I hope y'all hit or surpassed ur #MamasKitchen pie sales goal!! #yum” thx!
is for the college student. 3.2 million uniques per month
IM SO SORRY AUSTIN! ))); holy crap I'm crying. She's in a better place now.. #RIPAngel </3
poor, poor Kurt.....at home with a 102 fever..he looks so sad :(
I am up and ready for work it is time to go get t in..i enjoyed my days off..back to work...:D
hey do you have a midterm tomorrow in world lit? If you do you should come study with me!
I totally believe that too HA!
Just put my baby bouncer together. Now im elevating my feet on pillows watching this movie on abc
“I have to exercise in the morning before my brain figures out what I'm doing.” - Marsha Doble Make sure to check out our 5:45am...
February 27th (Day 27)--Second to last day of the challenge, you must be so proud! Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores
I've come to realize that tattoos hurt more after than they do during LOL
Seen on my TL, I checked out her page. 1st off girl bio is on point! 2nd I like her avatar pic! Lol haha Just Showin love! :)
Already I can tell this day is going to test my patience. It's starting to feel like a total waste of makeup.
TODAY $FREE CONCERT :30pm Auditorium 'THE VOICES' dir. Gerry Gillespie!
I hate people
Twatting from my new IPod Touch 4. Next time I'll do it from my iPad 2. That's right bitches, you can be jealous
#notALA can our second order be planning a conference, hopefully at an inexpensive beach area? with free workshops?
follow her plz follow her HELP HER HELP HER GET TO HER GOAL
if you want something, the only one who can stop you is you !! Good Luck
yes! Great seeing u!
Aboard Piper Navaho, 10 seater. Pilot ;ohn promises to update as we cross the Arctic Circle. Destination Coldfoot
Preacher who advocated the use of physical force against children who act gay: "I apologize to anyone I have unintentionally offended."
pretty content. Managing inquires is the balancing act.
#andrewbreitbart R.I.P
Remember almost everything is $2 on Tuesday! Patron, Bacardi, Absolut, Goose, Jack, Johnny.. you name it and it's yours for $2
A personal brand-represents your "unique promise of value.” Distinctive set of natural strengths that employers get when they hire you.
Funniest memory: heads of past/present mascots sitting on top of cubicles inside our office. Felt like ad.
Thank you for supporting my campaign. I will work hard for you and your familly!
i'm up already, too!
Just dug a driveway now will rest and then off to Paley library tomorrow
which girl?
I sent u one like an hour ago??
Dear , we go together like SUV's and audiences.... Sincerely, Oprah
apparently, they found people! They overlook the backyard at Stubb's. Excellent location, proximity to food trucks, etc.
Thx for RT & mention! Pls help us spread the word! www.medicalteams.org for updates...
Great program. I didn't think I was going to be able to do the whole thing but I did! I love that it works w music on iphone! :)
one of my favorite places on earth.
Champion KTM #LasVegas is hosting an open house & 1 year anniversary party May 4th. #Text CHAMPIONKTM to 90210 for info sent to your phone.
I guess you forgot to Tebow, Tebow.
happy birthday:')
I was there! I hope you are having so much fun. Check out the John Lennon memorial wall if you can, so eclectic!
Niggas not real
Just watched #ChasingDaytona and feel so bad for and - sometimes racing just ain't fair
Forever is a long time. And i cant wait.
oh I hate haha too! It's so unfair, but I harshly judge all lol and haha tweeters. Yet I have "ha" 'ed in my time.
Tickets are still on sale, but hurry before they're all gone! It's on 3rd Sept! go to gigantic.com/bigbirthdaybash for tickets
Ordering flowers is now easier than ever! Download #PeoplesFlowers #Floralapp from the app store under floralapp. Use key word "Peoples".
Heading to to talk with Josh, Iph, about the #mural he is finishing on their building
Cigarettes for breakfast, lunch, and dinner
Okay seriously!? Who is thinking about me? Because my nose has been itching -nonstop- for the past hour!!!!!!!!
#RAIDERNATION y'all do me a great big favor. If you are as hardcore into the #Raiders give me a great big FUCK YEAH!
essentially it is probably a way that your employer wants to track your progress. some do it by asking employees to outline
S/O to my new follower all ima say is
The chicken man trumpet playing mini bike rider so OMG lol
My mom yells when something bad/not really all that bad happens but she will do nothing to prevent it from happening.
says not to pack crisp cookies and soft cookies in same container. Crisp ones will turn soft. Thanks!
Canceled a trip this week for a table read, got a last minute comm call and booked it. Its pays to stay home.
Laidback Luke tonight in Philly!!
As much as i want to win the #FUSE contest. I atleast want someone from the fan club to win. the answer is Orlando, 40-26 , 4 TD
ADD BOSTON! ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON ADD BOSTON.. #1DBostonConcert 13
come over ?;)
Ever had a roommate that you just couldn't get rid of? Stay tuned for next week's #AVbyte!
Poinsettias for sale in our gift shop were just marked down! Check out our sale prices by visiting soon, while supplies last!
- ex: w/o helmet & street clothes = "novice" - cars avoid by 4+ ft.; w/helmet & cycling kit = "expert" - cars avoid by <6".
I am not sure windows ever accomplishes work ;)
Chad Ochocinco has restructured contract and will be back with
THIS JUST IN: The Brass-A-Holics will be LIVE at Bayou Boogaloo May 18, 2012...5p...Orleans Stage. WE GET IT IN!!!
Yep. But only if you're cool with how cool you aren't.
Solon~ Reprove thy friend privately commend him publicly.
It sickens me that this vid was not made to help those poor children. The main goal is to support war because they have oil. Wake up people.
Hugged by a holocaust survivor, brought to tears by a refugee. Amazing time New England #FHBenefit Dinner
you are on our recommended list!
I'm at the marlins game so I can't watch but I'd watch his call a chess match if it was possible.
This generation of kids coming up are gonna be horrible!
Great job tonight on Celebrity Creators
Babe keep me posted on your manager hope everything is ok..
ohh im from dominican republic but i live in new york and you ;D ?
Thanks for the RT!
max I'm sorry, go cry
Epicor announces Cloud Computing solution for distributors
Girls are so queer you never know what they mean. They say No when they mean Yes, and drive a man out of his wits for the fun of it. -
Yakima neighbors help police catch five suspects running from officers - KIMA CBS 29
Ya known sometimes some people are just to cool to text you back, #GoPlankInTraffic ....yes im bringing that shit back up.
#iamme omg its trending worldwide <3
Like hearing the success story from the dog's point of view!
Momma said she finna get another tattoo
I will meet you guys there! Go team. “: You can still make it if you leave now.”
yourself to be apart of it.
#dh11 Lots of little issues w/ GBooks: large swaths of corpus misdated.
Oh no! Some #thatcamp Bay Area emails were marked as spam! We've resent them. If you applied and didn't hear back, check your spam box.
Verdict in Chandra Levy trial: Guandique is guilty of 1st degree murder
": I hope everyone follows a dream at least once in their life time" I did last night
oh, I saw it. He offered a somewhat good explanation for it. Snooki was supposed to be Souz. Kim K was supposed to be Ki.
They have five or so locations in WA. Good folks and yes, very busy.
If looking to post links + a summary with image if story has one, the FB App RSS Grafitti works well for our client Fan Pages
Fuckers at my work got me sick.
I try.
You guys need to follow the cast of They are cuter that a pixie fart, particularly Mssrs. and
I hate it when hot girls in movies die....
Right back at ya! RT : Thanks for the follow !
#fandoms I've read in - Doctor Who, Russell/Holmes, but my first love is HP - is in full, glorious swing right now
Can I 'follow' myself?.. hehe
Travis and goin' on a bro date to see The Five Year Engagement tonight. Will one of them get lucky? Wait and see!
Go check out awesome christian rock band ,
i wanna kitty
sounds like a winner to me ;)
forget about that #10 ESPN preseason ranking. Go out there and do your business!!
hahahaha ya!!!! Mab it will stop raining just when he's there!!! <3 hahahahahahahahaha
It's the countries of the Americas, as well all countries of Western, Northern, and Central Europe, Australia and New Zealand.
Have Faith In Me - A Day To Remember can't relate to The Titanic. Rose said she'd never let go, but she did.
I'm changing my major to Justin Bieber studies
me and phone calls>>>>
Thanks much. Yeah, Dark Shadows was an interesting failure ... But that's about the best one can say.
presenting "webconferencing with webex" this morning. excited that gpls can provide webex services to all public library systems in ga.
5 Small Cars with the Worst Gas Mileage | TrueCar Blog
So excited to see Dark Shadows on the 7th! :D
Would LOVE to not be working right now and instead be in the SD sunshine! But, hey, I'm grateful I have a job..so thank You, Lord!
so i kno my voice ain't the best but I feel that it can give us a start..lol then if u pick up some singing we might be ok.lol
#mommydearest on tv right now. Perfect, happy mothers' day! NO WIRE HANGERS EVER!
Took my true essentials vitamins and feeling rejuvinated today. Get some at www.fhtmus.com/indirawilliams
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
it was amazing! Miss ya<3 hope your having a good break
: No #frozensnotride for me today. It will be #gogunners & to #gramashouse for me today.
Thanks to our newest #FFs !! www.allstategc
Surrounded by shitty people
Howard Bison are ready to give their band some competition, by John Feinstein, Washington Post....
Hey Twist I'm Lillian i order the Twist Magazines i still didn't receive the April Issues 2011 Mag when it going to be here.
Mortgage Rates Fall: the average rate for 30-year fixed loan fell to 3.88 % from 3.90 percent (record was 3.87%) Take that to the bank.
I really want to trade if possible
Damn u save those text from 2011? Thristy!!!!
hello there
I'm going to start picking on you as a conspiracy theorist!
welcome to Portland man. Been following you since BC. Wonderful addition. Congrats balla
EBSCOhost database is working...if you're willing to wait 120 seconds for a page to load. Doesn't scale well.
Quote of the Day There is no better high than discovery. E. O. Wilson
Rollin in the Deep, my favorite song about food fried in the South.
Spring Formal!
damn thanks for all the people that helped my grandma before she passed,you guys are amazing
Headed to Orlando this morning to speak at #IIAGAM looking forward to meeting everyone!
you know me! I've always been the rebel type! Hahaha
good luck man. Hope it works out for you. U did alot for this community and the bucks organization.
Okay so I'm making a picnik college of Austin if u wanna be in it tweet me a picture ( ONLY) 29 ppl can (:
Paula Walker is rocking out today with her noon time Yoga Flow class, levels 1 -3, on Miami Beach!
": BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47." Pauls Boutique is on repeat today . Bummer
-- ranks up there w the real truth of the tooth fairy and Easter bunny.
Eli Manning is killin it on #SNL tonight
Was the phone the guard got u just lifted from a civilian? How often were u able to use it? There are so many I wish I could ask u
RT : If you have been hurt in an accident or a deliberate action, and are considering filing a personal injury......
Love your work! Let us know if you would be interested in showcasing with our Riverside show
You should go to Kelly's Bar and Lounge and try their Mac and Cheese. You'll be VERY happy.
Very nice Chanatip! (But I think that you should come to the US and work on that doctorate)!
Keep Ya Head Up
ohmygosh. your making me so #excited !! I can't wait for #Believe <3
you want to join in a night of getting over dressed for no reason?
You're welcome. Have a great week!
one super day...super day at work! Love those extra good days.
GREAT SEEING YOU
Happy New Year tweeps!!!!!
Football & potty training al day
One class down, one class and thesis corrections to go!
follow me everyone
With both games not really close at the end & both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
yeah but the essay sucks
Whenever anxious about $$-multiply by giving!!!
Lazy Sunday
Finals are coming up all you UWers!! Take a break from the studying and help us MODEL Sperantsa beanies tmrw at Red Square
Happy Saturday !!! :) Hope your Well !!. xoxo I LOVE U!!! Hope you see this <3
You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
Game day! After last night's ugly game in dallas I'm flying home just in time for #RaptorsAtSuns. See you there
i wanna go to Austin's concerrt!!
Filming today!
An app to tell you how "ugly" you are... Apparently it's popular. Details in our web moment!
every Safari crash requires a double restart to come back. I don't get it.
Will they score fifty? | Or will the D get a clue | And slow passing game? |
Talk about a reality Show! last nite I went to dinner with my parents! and you would not believe the exp if I told it! I will try,CRAZYSTUFF
Taking bets on whether stands us up again today. Just about halfway there!
I like the title stories in those collections. Figure they titled the books after them b/c they are particularly strong.
Citizens are no longer treated as human beings by the gov't - they are treated as human beans!
“there’s not a problem that exists in the state of California that hasn’t been solved by someone somewhere else.”
Thank you Dallas! I missed a few of you, but all in all it was a great weekend. Hope the photos bring you all much success
I was home last Thanksgiving.
RT : Johnny Wilkinson 'As far as we're concerned, until that match finishes there's no tomorrow'
I would agree, but I already changed all the clocks..... =(
More Ainge: "There were times Avery Bradley was guarding 2 or 3 guys on a possession. … It was an amazing effort by a young kid."
This security line at Dulles is some pure SKUBALAI!!!! Why do I keep forgetting what Thursday travel is like?
so are 99 year old great grandma's ! Not as sexy but definitely kewl !
Have you heard D1C's new song feat. of ? It's up on facebook right now and will be taken down at midnight! Check it out!
lol nah i was kidding though we should start over we started off on a bad track, im joey.
Cooking channel : wonderful programing for fun and easy dishes. ******* alton brown
my gpa goal isn't so impossible after all. YAYYYYY!!!!!!!
Hello everyone in College Station! We are expanding our network of sponsors!
lol i considered interjecting a simple "Richard Jefferson" tweet but i knew you'd get up on trade news soon enough.
I hear the closeness can't be duplicated. also prolly nostalgic. Always wanted to try but I have the beard thing going.
There is no humor like bad, self-effacing Rick Santorum humor.
Kim Kardashian's perfume smells like butthole.
I want a bloody Mary. Stat.
Texting and about to go to bed.
Wow... I just looked and saw at least 20 times that people had Retweeted me. I'm Honored! THANKS EVERYONE!!!
Palko should draw a paycheck from Steelers. 2 int 1 fumble in 17 min
Hey man! Just saw you're going to #PubCampWest this weekend. Will be good to catch up.
Police say Junior Seau's girlfriend found him with gunshot wound to chest, say it appears to be suicide. AP
THINGS YOU SHOULDNT DO Never disrespect your women! Retweet if you believe me!!
KD is black mamba jr.
hehehe I see many epic faded nights in our future!
Adam James booed heavily by Texas Tech fans at Alamo Bowl last night
I deduce! HA!
Amazing morning on the Seattle #waterfront!
Man, I love me some Dokken. And I don't care that is public knowledge, Just sayin'
Don't be talking when I'm talking you better mute it! Lol
Looks like we have a #hnh2012 showdown going on!! This could get ugly! Best of luck!
I'm good today
almost ...You're barkin up the right tree :) what material is that on?
New duck recipe for mother's day.
Game over. Clippers have to take care of business at home.
some people in my school don't know what a fucking shower is -_-
Going to bed. I'm a super duper sleepy head. #promNight/morning
Thanks to everyone for celebrating 10 years of at the 2011 #Milwaukee99. A toast from !
to be fair, I didn't crush him. Also, Haith wasn't a replacement when Self left for bigger, better things. Aka KU.
I understanding the sentiment, but the camera money is no where near enough to address the schools' bldg conditions.
I know. I should get a reward for my goodness. (or lack of meanness)
bring me one
Don't be so serious. Everything does not mean something. RT : ... tell your 20 yr old self one thing ...
Happy Mothers Day from all of us @ Comfort Inn NorthPortland/Vancouver. www.vancouverwahotel.com
To get me started on Monday and any day... "Beggin'"
Spinning at Lucky's tonight! Eubank & Montgomery! Join us ! Every Tuesday night!
What happened to all the cool toys that used to come in cereal boxes?
No problem love
I can't call it son what's been good that way
I read that as coincidence. It could be expected. It could be a setup for dramatic irony, however.
Tomorrow we're going to Harry & Izzy's for lunch and then to see A Christmas Carol at the IRT. Happy early birthday to me!
thank you for the ideas! We're always looking for more ideas to put the xocai high antioxidant shake mix in.
I don't think i've hated a "celebrity" on Celebrity Apprentice more than I do Aubrey O'Day. Talk about conceded
What do you do when you don't want the two people you care about to get hurt? asdfghjkl;
Love the Banksy photo's. Great!!!
I don't know which airport I'm leaving from, but I do know I need to finish packing
No one can top that tweet....probably not all week.
Hearing the birds wake up, watching the sun rise, and working on art while listening to music are the plus side of insomnia.
Austin Toros / San Antonio Spurs sign Malik Hairston - great news for the team. The dude is a phenom guard. Congrats to all involved.
i try to sleep b4 12 but i can't i'm just used to staying up late Now , :/
Had once heard it was b/c Canada hosted summit to pick letters and we chose to go last & unify with "Y".
So, did anyone go to any shows this weekend? Anyone find any new bands that you would want us to check out?
Are Magazines on the same path as books? - User generated tech ...
great seeing you at the #OSDBU conference
Jordan E. Kay. Junior Partner, Sterling Cooper Advertising Agency.
Why would someone want all those tattoos on their body? That's going to look crazy when you get old
My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward.
Buying my training shoes in kids sizes because of :)
Everyone in the pic is laughing because Pacquaio didnt know which one was Bradley!
ha ha bum yur getting arrested bum
Probably not the "cool" answer, but I'd say books. I always buy books. That or clothes.
haha the famous boring ctown life :/
Me and brenna talked about it, were going to hitchhike to Miami this summer to see WERE COMING AUSTIN!!!!!
Best of luck to #terrencemalick tonight at the #Oscars for
Mother's Day is a Week a away. Give her something that will impact How she looks & feels: A gift certificate or appt. 904-636-0787
in the end the Giants triumphed by kicking an oblong ball made of pigskin through a big H!
You can basically replace any of my recent updates with "OPEN BAR" and the effect will be the same
I don't care about your "accomplishments". If you were that accomplished, you wouldn't either. Certainly you wouldn't keep mentioning them.
Under SOPA, you could get 5 years for uploading a Michael Jackson song, one year more than the doctor who killed him.
What's everyone doin tonight!!?? .
You can gadge someone's mental illness by how clean they keep their sweat pants.
Awesome song.
you just dont have any good pics ..sorry<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> hahaha
Nobodys a virgin... life screws us all.
Thanks for the article man, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw that!
Finally finished my hair! Why it took me 3 hours is beyond me
I swear if someone says my hair is orange I will bleach all of it
I used to be one of them... WHAT HAPPENED TO US HUNTER?!
Your annoying af
Guess there's a solution to every problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
it's on my profile. :p
Done w studio time... And for once at a semi- decent time. Catch yall in the a.m. Were filming the Freddy Cain show tonight. I'll post after
We'll tell you when you're older. ;)
#designers & #devs... Thinking bout getting an MBP 15 or an MB Air 13. What do u think? Is the small screen/less storage a significant loss?
Thanks for lunch today Tim & Linda! Always great seeing you.
good for you! Get your workout on, honey cakes, LMAO :)
Shocked to see the Crimson ranked. They made Florida State look awful earlier this year. Cinderella tourney run?
climbing the charts. 2 days and counting!!
she wouldn't be referring to My Little Pony Friendship is Magic ? That's a great show :-)
you coming out to Saturday ?
So when do the walking dead katana blades hit toy stores??!!
will do!
Sorry! It is automated. I am not sure how to make exceptions ;(
Playing good poker live and online this last week and going this week.
oh gee -__-
The monthly fee for the typical homeowner is equivalent to two cups of coffee! Only $10/month for neighborhood priorities!
Lucky you!
Do me a favor! and go like on facebook. just search In Audika
sup damon
Miss Sign-In-With-Ill-Grace-When-Reminded is in today. Co-worker in storytime room yelling at someone on the phone. I need a vacation.
I have a legit beard right now.
*SHOOTING* Box 4-14 Winston Av & Northwood Dr, NE Balto; Adult male shot multi times. Medics taking to area trauma center in SERIOUS cond.
i'm just now hearing about you today, you doing good?
Planning your weekend? Don't forget: FPT on Sunday. Plow, Plant & Shear: sheep haircuts, knitting, spinning, weaving and more!
I Just looked at my free matches on eHarmony, I found my wife's profile looking for another husband.
less gay marriage and more marriage equality - issue predefined wrong
Happy Birthday to my big bro, Ray. There is nothing quite like time with family :)
the city is as much a character in the film as everyone else... i love finding excuses to get back there
not to sure let me check
twiddling my thumbs in Wheaton...I'm jumpin in the car I'll be in sandwich in no time
Calling it 8 hours ago. Wow. RT : I'll have another is gonna win the Kentucky derby y'all! Callin it out now <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E>
I just took five extra strength pain relief pills. Shit...
funny. Right now I don't even think I have $4 in my pocket..if I win the lottery I'll pay the whole thing
Your not going to hold my heart!..... Butterfingers.
was so good!
Using instagram and twitter on my brothers phone
Working on a new montage from today, make sure you check it out!
how are you?
My cabbie: rain grows maize, maize makes whiskey....you know that song?!
I'm gonna laugh when Paris Hilton is a fucking bomb ass DJ and all y'all are making fun of her, if she sucks then I'll still laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they help bring change.
we have options. Jamn 94,5 summer jam is on June 2nd, with , but with other people who aren't good...
Let's talk about the distinction btwn #dataviz & #infographics. Is there one? Does it matter? I say yes, and yes.
I believe it's "no Doi" Rep. Ellison !!
Hmm, maybe if you wear them in school colors..? ;)
I actually get to drive my jeep today. I've missed her much. And my cd player. Getting sick of t swift all on my radio. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Caught myself singing Conway Twitty in the shower today. Totally gonna bite his style. Somewhere between him and Matt Smith from Dr. Who.
hehe thanks anne!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Good idea!
#YourBiggestProblem is that you demand respect without earning it
What Is MY morning playlist? Today we have Billie Holiday, Johnny Cash, Dean Martin, and
it's either that or "viruses"
ATTENTION EVERYONE! DO NOT READ 's FAN FIC! I AM NOT A CREEPY STALKER!
Love isn't easy. Its a game of give and take
I'm loving watching #DSOlive today from Washington DC!
Oh girl,thanks (: you are too! <3
thanks love, but you have no idea :/ and yes!! ill be in anaheim sat working the ronald mcdonald walk at the honda center
tyson house smh nigga don't deny it lol
Nice to meet you! I just downloaded your podcast & am looking forward to learning more. Happy #rcyc!
BAHAHAHAHA so true!
#TwinAnchorsBBQ welcomes all families & ages. We love to see families eat some great #ribs & have a great time!
Free Yoga This Sunday Only! March 11th from 9a-10a for all Jersey City Daily readers! Thanks for following!
#ual #united reservations & customer service completely dysfunctional.untrained outsourced callcenters & inept grnd support.Sad.
didn't you already get an awesome present from the gift fairy?!?
50%off premium rolls are available in the house! Please come in and check them out!
Roadtrip! Destination: Washington DC.
Heading to Chicago and Follett's New Leaf on Learning Conf. #nlil12 after a little stop for lunch!
Seeing small good changes within myself & it makes me feel better about myself... i actually have my summer planned out
Try again... Single-delegate dot com has been updated...
I went crazy on the fancy this am. It's more product focused but I really like it.
adorable, chic, potpourri, ambiance...
In addition to HubSpot's top ranking in the small companies category, HubSpot also made it on a few of the Globe's Top 10 Lists:
lol did you dance on the table?
My little brother has the same name as you, it's pretty cool. <U+2665> love you !
anybody interested attending a "wax party" let me know ! Special prices on waxing of all types!
Garden State Mall w. my right hand mans
good place for pics, autographs & its in the shade. My wife & I have sat here the past few years.
#BradPitt is SO HOT in that movie!!!
Yo son smart “: my son goin for the pacers im goin for Miami....#leggo”
do you at least want to know why i think she's ignorant.
tumblr, you just made stupid hoe blast through my house and not turn off. brb my ears are bleeding.
At home. Ready to nap and recover from the early morning shopping extravaganza. Glad it's done! Night night.
It's 300 degrees on this bus
In WaPo's A to Z of area gardens, I have visited 12. Butterflies Hawaii Island Jazz Knot Lunar Mary's Osprey Smithsonian Tiny Xavier Yellow
Win the cd coming soon details on the Hunter prize pack library!!!
Stay-at-home mothers face challenges
Woah , We live in the same city , your amazing . k'bye (: love you (:
Kittens don't have their full vocabulary of sounds until 3 months... then it's over 100! (a dog makes about 10 different sounds)
I'd never get anything done
you read my mind though!!!!!!
I had skittles and kool-aid.
Oh, I think u will LOVE Gone Girl. Totally agree she's a complete rock star. Sick and twisted stories? Yes please!
Commissioners also seem to be looking for room for continuing ed, training opportunities from
excellent. yes, i loved it. and that old one is loads of fun to watch.
Why do people think that just because I love horror movies and death metal music that I can't stand for Jesus Christ?! You're so mistaken.
I want a jeep :(
Thanks Loren!
You just tweeted what i just said
M sounds good!
DM for a feature >>> need u for a hook >> let me know yo price
I feel ya! yael is awesome!
I know more now. Thanks.
Lady Gaga.. What else can i say...
thanks! So far I'm loving the way it looks on my wall.
In my dream I scaled a snowy house and fell onto a street that was disconnected from the rest of "the world."
Happy New Year, minions!
what flawless eyes you have there :)
Charging for something makes you want to make it better. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
Hurt feet, beyond tired, tons of shopping bags
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
Thank you to everyone who attended today's Honors Convocation. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
is shop your values a "local" event in NYC or is it being observed elsewhere?
Can't wait to c bgc who win tonight? nikki or wilma
Actors should license out full 3D body scans so we can enjoy new movies from when they were in their prime.
Oh and just finished "The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks" by , great read for teens about HS and fitting in
you can only hope and pray
they deserve to lose then.
After the Navy jet crash, my mom knowing that's what I want to do, asked me a question where she said little, but expressed every concern.
The Fly guys are doing there thing tonight!! Way to go!!
Don't forget to set monthly goals, and have a plan to be able to set aside some time to get them done.
I just want things to be the way they used to be :(
uh oh whAt makes you say this?
"If things get any better, we may have to hire someone to help us enjoy it."
Finally ate at ! The garlic fried rice was bomb.
stay tuned
ha um sorry? RT I have experienced a disappointing lack of the drunk txts you promised when I gave you my number, remedy this
Wtf my brothers dumb as shit, he's crushing ice while everyones trying to sleep..who does that..
S/O to for putting his foot in that hoe ass nigga's ass
RT : I need some dick ... BIG THICK DICK :/
Yeah, but he can blame it on the alcohol...#couldntresist RT Jamie Foxx is older than Brian McKnight.
wants 's picture of that is in the pack of pictures I got her haha
#ToyotaAztecTriviaTime coming up in 10 mins! We have a free pizza to give away.
its 6:34 and im leaving work! see you soon!
My soon to be nine year old wants a birthday party with your theme! How can i find birthday decorations with you on them? Help!
Am i the only person who wakes up fresh every morning , without begging for more sleep?
Andrew, aka is behind the bar serving drinks and flashing. Come to the sexy
Thanks everyone for welcoming me! My first #GenYChat!
Yoooo this song got so many classic lines!!
Really? Okay, if YOU say so. RT must jump onto the very important topic of BSG viewing: stick it out!
AMBER GOT A TWITTER !
Every time i get a follower on twitter, i spare a life and let a child out of my basement.
Seriously. Free food. Openbar for a couple thousand employees. Free car service back home. I fucking love my job.
RT : Remember this about naps. They always get the last laugh.
He did the Buffy TV show. RT : I don't really know who this Joss person is but I loved his take on The #Avengers!
one week of school... then fun begins :-) summer work! (really though, super pumped!) Hoping everyone is appreciating their awesome Tuesday!
Last night I learned it's possible to play "The Twist" loud enough to make one's ears ring. It's a terrific feeling.
Decisions decisions...
I hope that nigga know he got a queen, and all I can do is dream..
It does! I made that promise when I was 3! My sis is a certified lay minister though. Lord knows why...
Yes!Thats what i thought!Cause everyone know that is mine!c; <3 Lol
I hate it when strangers say I don't bite "ya cause the first thing I think when I meet a person is HOLY CRAP the bitch is gonna bite me"
Are you parked and open?!
Don’t let the past steal your present. -Cherralea Morgen
bring the bikes through for a car wash!
how much practice is too much practice?
Life is your only chance to breed a soul- InSpotter mobile app
Partying with sluts
I'm great.
phone tethering?
Hey B - looks who's all up in here now? Actually, I'm clueless, but learning. Hope you're well!
On a conference call with Canadians. Their accents make me smile.
Yes! Far better production value; still, it's got the same vibe as both the Swedish version and the book/s, doncha think?
going to the mothafuckin aquarium today !
Today in coconut water news: is a convert -- she's nuts for the drink. Are you next, ?
haters!! jealous haters...
great, can't wait, ur an inspiration to moms everywhere.
Bucky's on a role! I have #marquette and #wisconsin in the final four. Yeah, I'm a homer.
listening to best coast i hope this makes me feel better i wish i had a better dad -_-
Around a tenth of Africa's land mass is covered by mobile-internet services-a higher proportion than in india. via The Economist
Custom reporting tools help map activity to measurement goals
MO! How'd your weekend go my friend?
Happy to "meet" you here on Twitter
in #France but my iPhone isn't working! how to remedy this? think i need to get at&t to help me out.
so would the Rangers, most years.
yeah! Right? I thought it was so cool
Yep....including me! ": Minaj just made a lot of people hit mute or change the channel. That was horrible. #Grammys"
The band Shag plays tonight at 9:30. They cover a very wide range of music that will be sure to have you rising to your feet and dancing!
LOLCAT! He thinks that group work is the best.
Proceeds from fireworks sales benefit youth sports. Carmichael Beavers Swim Team...
Besides all this.. I'm missing my wife.. My annoying, aggravating, poop, asshole wife -__- <U+2665>
has anyone used Ustream yet for a webcasting option? Have been looking into it as an option
She so special
#HappySweet16Austy <333 much love from me to you babe (:
After a long night of rock and roll i like to shorten my lifespan by consuming george webb. Am i alone in this pursuit?
I'm worried about it, but I've always been trying to save like it wasn't going to be there-but many others don't have that luxury.
Playing draw something with
Oh! and You're our 100th follower! THANKS!
Yup, we used to run the courts here at Liggett. Unfortunately I didn't inherit that gene, LOL!
Want to work at Pinkberry #Mandeville? We are at job fair today interviewing shiftlead candidates!
I wanna see cabin by the woods. See what all the fuss is about.
hm ok I may stop by-I have an idea brewing for next first Friday. I'll run it by them if I do!
you're awesome
put me on that list.
You heading to Capital tonight for Common Thread tapping, or Alchemy for KBS?
Neat! RT Video: Printing and Binding a Hand Made Octavo « The Blog of the ABAA
installing Maya on my mac, damn now I need a six pack.
The inaugural #semtechbiz Berlin hasn't even officially started yet, but I've already had so many excellent conversations with (cont…
Some class Is playing today was a good day
Obama: every child should get a world-class ed.
Guess I'll actually start tweeting again.
Packed at the shop. Waitin on smoke Dizzle to fade me up.
yes you do. I've played a bit around Gaylord and hope to do more exploring.
how do u make a bad girl good
#tdkr07202012 Love that one of the locations is Wrigley Field. Wish I could break away to take the pic.
I'm old and the mirrors don't lie. But crazy has places to hide in, That are deeper than any goodbye ... -Leonard Cohen
I down my shots, I gulp my beers. Til every drop disappears.
Not sure what the deal is
Can't stop thinking about the colony of dust bunnies I slaughtered last night. Chipotle must feel so weird about all those claymation pigs.
doesn't know the term day off!
Today is going to be productive so some of this new found stress will go away.
RT : This for real niggas only I still bet with #Kobe ima real nigga
I heard it was a video 60 min story, But I cannot find the clip?
Yes!! RT : Hey people, tell the app that gives you your week on Twitter to DM you. The rest of us don't care. (cc: )
Totally napped longer than I meant to... Oops!
british weather is absolute SHIT
Happy Friday everyone! Have a fun and safe Halloween weekend!
mhmm....was it alcohol?!;/ lol idk i had fun..especially meetin u AND the party!
We are proud to feature you
Remember when Obama repeated over and over again "Pass this jobs bill..." and republicans woke up the next day to block it.
Hey I'm On
that's a
Things are getting VERY interesting in Los Angeles. 94-87 Denver, 3 minutes left. Lakers were down BIG, fighting back. Tune into TNT.
Pretty sure it says "I like men." RT : did the tattoo on Inge's arm say "i like Inge"?
bet dm me on those 2
I read freedom. It was terrible, but I read it.
#scandalseason2 campaign needs to be kicked off!!!
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. ~Scott Adams
telling great stories for #prville group
Strawberry Icee....yum...
Where do the people who work at the post office come from?
It bothers me when the GODS get to acting like the BROADS
Hunger Games trailer on tv
good luck today!! See u soon
I'm tired of always texting him first ...but I really want to talk to him...
I don't mean to brag, I don't mean to boast, But I brought some hummas for those mini toast!
See you there! RT : so pumped for #justice tonight!! Chyeow!
Just saw HUGO in 3D. Best 3D film by far. See it on the big screen. Your eyes will thank you.
is anybody putting out the J.wilson record here? Love him
Hahaha, my read too #greatminds RT : I think it's I dont like talking to you on the weekends.
We all live each day w/ the same amount of time...24 hrs. Those who are most successful choose how they use their minutes wisely.
Protecting a Business From the Adverse Effects of Divorce:...
I want to reinvent the TV watching experience! What do you have in mind?!
“: That awkward moment when someone says "you two should go out!" & you're just standing there like "...I wish"”
Stiglitz interview, (..reminded of 1950s saying from where? Money is like manure - you have to spread it around.)
Loving my life!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Woah! My little sister is on now! Say hello to !
I was the only one in the room who cheered for that touchdown. I guess I'll never get football.
Talked with union in Springfield,il. They expect 1,000 protestors when Gov Walker arrives to speak to IL businesses tomorrow.
We had AMAZING Lobster Bisque soup today!
I can't wait - have never been. All of the west is new to me.
thanks, Joe.
The only reason why people feel like they must control you is because they do bad themselves.
For men & women who need domestic violence services, call the DV Help line at 1-877-863-6338. If it's an emergency, call 911!!!!!!
2 Miami? It was great!
Indiana Pacers shoot 3's...big time players, step up in big time games. We know why the Pacers lost
Jersey shore beavis and butthead commentary is hilarious!
Haha. Just don't order Boudin. Totally different dish there.
JR Smith...dayum.
Why is it dat females think niggas wants to keep da peesticc!!! We dont want that shit keep ya own peesticc bitch!
Don't be afraid to experiment with publishing press releases on the weekends
Going to bed me and my unborn got to be up early
Today will be the day that something happens so get ready.
I think I'm going to turn off my bedroom light before my kids do.
At a church... Churches scare me
My plan for a solr shard on every text datanode won't work. There are 328 of them, too many.
thank you so much for the kind words!!! :) I wish you the same...let's make it a good one!!!
While all you guys are listening to #IWillAlwaysLoveYou I'm getting my underwear dance on to I Wanna Dance With Somebody.
For who ever is following me,THANK U SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING! I really really appreciate it =P
All extra credit this quarter, in it's glorious, beautiful splendor will not be wasted!
Chandler can't sit with the flu. Not acceptable.
well I also carpooled and took the bus some.
Gung hay fat choy! Happy Chinese new year
these bees need to gtfo
john's rap: put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave(uh) put the macaroni in the mic-ro-wave (yeah) bubblin bubblin bubblin HOT, cheesy goodness
- I'm up for Season Two of
I'm not happy they are trying to kill our captain. I'm happy about the rest. I really need to sleep but can't
cool..... your just full of surprises :)
Thanks for following us! We hope to see the British Embassy at this year's #DiplomaticBall - sending Save the Date tomorrow.
repping the Jets today. #don'tcare
Chicago bound in the morning. Wedding, reunions, busting heads at Packing my ass-kicking pants.
that sounds exciting! I want to know more! (unless it was literal, in which case, it sounds painful :P)
Thanks for the RT.
Edge of my seat on Drag race!
"Be careful that you do not forget the Lord, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery" -Deut. 6:12
Put your best effort towards your best opportunities, not your biggest problems.
why :o
I agree girly! California L O V E!
A woman's rash prompts her plane to be quarantined at Midway! I'm live with what really happened. Hear from the woman who started it all!!!
Thanks to & for taking action to protect direct care workers.
Do what you like doing even if it seems stupid or you think people will hate it. If you like writing poetry, then write it!
Scary episode so far, including the scary thought of ever being interviewed by Sherlock. #SherlockPBS ^LG
Love your work. Keep on "Art'n" on. -
done c:
Sick in the Poconos w my boo (also sick) post #toughmudder playin charades!
I just found $60 doing laundry.
Whats your other twitter so i can follow you there?
its fucking 12:43am & my ass is awake listening to Disney music. D'fuck's wrong with me.
never before has everyone had a video camera in their pocket...
4 Sonnets of Garcilaso have been set for SATB by Z. Randall Stroope to honor the first 50 yrs of FCS. Dr. Stroope conducts this debut 5/12!
Flying out of Las Vegas, I enjoyed the distinct pleasure of getting loved on / being surveilled by the body scan. #Foucault my life.
soak up the sun baby !!
Why? It's not like you wash it when you get home.
i'm going to punch the next employee that gives me a strange look when i ask them for help finding a high-cut bodysuit.
I have now changed my outfit twice in one hour as a result of having to be outside in this redonk #nola rain
I admit it, I love Phillip Phillips!
Lets go baby duke all day
I just wanna be with you. Alone.
Here's some #LocalLove for Valentine's Day...
I want to tell someone to drink bleach and see how the react ^_^
Be careful downloading IOS 5. Servers are locked up and my phone was out of commission for hours!
Please go away, candy hangover.
Making scratch-art fish with 300 preschoolers this morning... and 's coming tonight!!! :D :D :D :D
In your opinion, , is there one brand whose customer loyalty program really stands out?
watching #AGT from last night and wtf is the bird lady thinking she needs a man
Coffee is brewed, eggs are flipping, fruit's fresh, bacon is sizzling. Happy Friday!
RT : Mark Feldman on the environmental photography of + Inspired by
word , I'll let you know when I send , gotta put em in little snippets !
#HackedbyMamaMahone KEEP IT TRENDING UNTIL AUSTIN GETS ON(;
“: just gave me his cherry!”
Yessir, Capes told me. I seen not too long ago too. Power moves my G...that is major!
It was a solemn honor to gather in memory of Nassau Police Officers Michael J. Califano. and name his hometown street in his honor.
school tomorrow.......... blah D: kill me now i didn't do my homework and don't plan on it
what happen?
They say If you know better you do better
It was nice bumping into Chris Evans and others at the MTV
Are his eyes just as pretty and blue in person?? I'll be right over :)
I bid you goodnight. Shall we meet again in the morrow, my heart will know no greater joy...I wish we talked like that in our society now.
Battle the twitter fever
sex is the young folks addiction..... mines is MARIJUANA(:
keeping you in my prayers!
Representing Yapstar gangsta rap in my hipster hood Willy B.
what are long-term rentals in Key West going for? Any chance of a 1-1 for under $1,300 that allows a big dog? He's old and mellow.
Great job today :-) Hooray for productivity, being grounded & having a lot of energy.
we're probably going to have to take a trip there in the name of research :)
watching the #kentuckyderby and wondering if you ever feel bad for the horses? I do... :(
We will be closed until noon today and may remain closed for the entire day. Sorry for any inconvenience.
Just invented new challenge of spinning my earbuds at different speeds in each hand. Totes harder than it sounds.
sorry-nate's tweets aren't going through apparently! Unfortunately we don't know anyone to take the tix. :(
One tree hill is exciting tonight!!!! :D #godanandkris!!! <3
hey there, we have a huge backlog of people after SCAA show. Will be in touch soon.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Fine dining? No problem, we have your 4 course meal right here - $5 wine, salads, Skillet Cookies & grape bombs.
"The only easy day was yesterday". Navy Seals training motto. So true - and important.
I am your constituent, I oppose SOPA /PIPA. Please do not treat me as a thief. Deal w/copyright infringement democratically.
Those ninja moves you make when you go through a spiders web.
Harry Potter studio tour: 'we can never say goodbye', says Tom Felton: Harry Potter star Tom Felton says the cas..
You're not suspending your campaign, you're dropping out. Just say you're dropping out. Politicians suck.
Great discussion about #foodallergy from my old friend via
Hope everyone is having a wonderful break! Enjoy the time off from the books!
one of my residents just saw my warm and fuzzy's and asked what they were…I said they were nice things people wrote me
hehehe I told my mom that she swore at you she's very upset
Happiest folks in arena.... The walk on's who are lacing up the boots as they say in the Wrestling world!!
Eh what happened to Twitter!!! I kinda like it
If I'm a royals fan, I love the Moose/Gregg matchup
excellent tweet up today with
We added chat to our website. Hit us up with any questions/comments!
Samusas are legit legit indian food
Don't hate on Madrid bro! Haha
it's def opportunistic. But it's not like men don't know this beforehand. Examples are all around us. Y would u b any different?
But did you give 110%?
Didn't want to wake up this early but can't go back to sleep now. :/
If I had a dollar for each time delayed my missoni order, I'd be able to afford to buy it off of EBay instead.
Doesn't the abundance of voices from those sources allow for a greater field of vision on responses to the show?
Yay chores! Maybe they can help me stack my wood later.
About to see Don Rickles, 2nd row, and we're definitely the youngest people in here by 50 years, shame on you young folk
Great Job tonight! Way to represent #FiberglassCity #NewarkOH and the 740! We are all proud of you, bro! Bring the Ring home!
i'LL BELiEVE iT WHEN iT HAPPENS...
I can always count on to retweet my amazing tweets
too bad there's not one of jason and travis too.
Can't do it today, but I'll be downtown early-ish before tonight.
So. much. sneezing.
Thank YOU for creating an amazing workout that works! 5 women lost total 110 inches in your retreat? Wow! Congrats to all!
Happy Easter!
#NP Rihanna We Found Love <U+2665>
Just beware the cpc limit is $1 : Google gives grants for AdWords to 501c3 #nonprofits for up to $15k. Take advantage!
50 years ago today, Mercury astronaut Alan Shepherd became the first American in space. Happy anniversary Alan.
There is a thin line between what should be and what is.
that's vince's favorite. i think he asked if we could run it more often...
has lowered its maximum weeks of UI benefits from 26 to 20.
RT : Nothing says front runner like kids in Indiana who wear N. Carolina gear
“: just confirmed me and are in the building tommorrow for #murderbot”
Thats what me and my Dad wanted.We have seen some other great collections. But from what we have seen and heard our is the biggest
is back in the office today after spending yesterday working
anyone have any cute backyard dinner ideas? romantic, at night!
Have a couple, you'll need it :P Be sure to have 3...or 4 for me :)
One less montage could have meant a Muppets performance. Tear.
I've not been foolish my whole life. Only when it counted.
I just saw it... very cool my friend. I like the 2 guitars! :o)
I have my first final on the 18th and the last one on the 21st then I am done!
Thanks to Dan Velez casting for your continued support over the years! You are on eof the GOOD GUYS!
Happy New Year! Following me would be a great way to start the year off! Whoot Whoot!
get anything at walmart? Other than crabs, of course.
True that! When r your upcoming trips? RT : What's poppin ? The season is here! About time 4 #chipsandskitrips!
Nate and Jake think that they just saw a UFO (aliens) They recorded it and everything...
": hey my friend, Where R U, France or states ?" <--- I live in Los Angeles
Watching the 'Cities' episode of America: The Story of Us, completely enthralling.
:D I love you <3
u work tonight?
No, but I'll get started on Sat! RT : How many type of rolls have you had at our diner? Has anyone tried them ALL!?
Happy christmas time everyone <3
Has anyone at neu taken business turnarounds with Platt? Trying to figure out the midterm format
Nothing hits one quite as hard as the muffled blow of Monday morning.
should follow me back bc I'm his #1 fan!!!!
How blessed am I to be walking through the Upper West Side on a beautiful almost-Spring evening? I get to live in the city of my dreams
The "Avengers" movie is In theaters today. Who is your favorite character? Voice your opinion with a Qwip and share with friends!
yes dear!
I think it's nap time.
"If you can't convince them, confuse them. "
Why is everyone fighting about what school is better when we all know you hate your school?
Red Sox to sign Mark Prior, per Jon Heyman
Congratulations again! MT : Lots of response to the launch of www.carolinapublicpress.org, including word from !
Oh shit , it's monday :(
Another two feet and Corey Hart would've tied this ballgame. Long flyout to dead center.
Its almost 10pm, time for Common Law. Suddenly my day doesn't seem so bad. Those eyes could melt the coldest of moods, even mine ;)
I can't believe my life is still the same as it was last week after reading all those inspirational quotes on Pinterest.
AH YOU ARE NOTICING SO MANY PEOPLE! Could tonight be the night that my future boyfriend tweets me? :)
I'm about to fall out of my chair 'cause of how tired I am.
Really excited to get to the World Arena tonight. More to come...
I was the happiest when there was a Me and You.
Where Them HEAT FANS??? Yall Mighty Quiet
Colts fire Coach Jim Caldwell... (now starting a personal campaign for Jim Tressel as his replacement!!)
"Maybe God cares about who we are becoming more than about what we are specifically doing." That is life-changing, right there....
that akward moment when someone out akward momented you with a better akward moment
I'm predicting Ron Paul will probably win tonight... even tho he didn't win the Iowa Pie Eating Contest earlier today
Heyy! How was the pool? I ended up catching up with an old friend today.
All I wanted to do was come home and lay in my bed
Follow me please :D.,
my names kamalani but you can call me kama (: & you ??
niall do you like sushi?
Holy shit I'm glad to be home
And we LOVED worshipping with you all, too! Such a blessing!
Exactly 5 more months until I'm 16!
don't go, do it at home :) RT : Can't go to yoga until this death cough is gone. Any remedies?
So. Sore. Dancing. Difficult.
re: revel in the fact that Jesus has . . . love, mercy and grace for us! I revel in the fact that you've got the courage to post it
Excellent work fielding questions Mary Salas, and Congrats on the endorsement of SDSU College Dems!
Once you go iPhone you can't go back
what! Where is this place
Congrats ......always proud of you for something!
can u follow bck(:
listening to that little voice I believe is like opening the door to your creative mind.doing it is being a magician of things
Yall remember that look celie had on her face when she saw her children for the first time . . .
Also, evidently "losing weight like a man" makes one lose one's voice, too. Which probably isn't bad when it's Barkley.
do you want me baby ?????
It's crazy how easily some friends forget you
Piano + Studio version of Hair must be insane!!!
3rd iPhone this month!
Ugh I don't want to work
get down there and put it on Mario Chalmers and MIA like our man did yesterday!
I know! I'm actually really curious to see that development happen. It's a pretty great space.
I've been proven wrong!! I love you - you have redeemed yourself!!!
bosses gonna boss, that ripraptors deep in a sunday major
Send me a pick of your house in the L.I.?!?
more rain, more rain
#KTF! Happy Friday!!!
Okay, people. Tomorrow morning, 9am, Santa's coming to town... er, I mean the very first Rise+Design at The M with !
thank you!
All about my business... if you are too, then we relate
Without the right urban form, it's tough to get anyone to walk. But using "sense of adventure" to fake it till you make it is interesting.
... yeah, give me a call. I left my contact info on your site.
You guys, I haven't been on a *Date* date in like...ever? I am so freaking out right now.
Smiled for 10 seconds then realized i'm a browns fan.
how many wives shows are there?
so it technically wouldnt be every weekend lol. Yes let's do it.
Wen u meet me make a wish
thanks, and haha
i'm in Miami I try to get to Florida every other week
An #following quote of the day: "Some people dream of success while others wake up and work hard at it!". So true, please RT
Listening to Marty Dickinson at AuthorU in Denver. Amazing info.
Going to sleep! #Job on my mind =Success <<<That's what's up!
Feels weird not having a show this weekend... Oh well, guess it'll be a Sundy's night! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I know the next O's jersey I'm getting. Ed Reed.
“: Off work on a Friday night with no way to get booze. Cool.” let me know 2 days in advance and I'll overnight u some ;)
Eatin the best Meal From Wendy's!
/ The next BUZhunt #SWAG Round contest will award iTunes gift cards to 3 lucky (and skillful) winners...
I agree, and I've never been a fan of either team.
Do i what?
Giants win!
hey, they are filming a segment for a travel show in England tonight, come out and be famous 9:30 doors $10pm show $12
You have an awesome program!!! Really enjoyed it tonight
I GET THIS! Thx, (but thank u a little. She's scary) “: Next Holloween I'm dressing up as Cindy Sherman. #artjoke”
previous tweet is a link to our upcoming showcase in Bourbonnais, Illinois on March 18th
I do lurve that feature from
...I was only kidding. :)
Today was ok for me even tho i didn't really do nuffing
The most poisonous spider is the black widow. Its venom is more potent than a rattlesnake's.
Who here loves ?!
By the way, it wasn't even that good.
ha, no. draft position.
when you get dress you gotta try on like 5 different outfits before you say okay this is the one..
this storm that's about to hit >
i always got your back coc
I didn't know that was a thing, you may have just made my day. Hope you have a great Friday!
Thank you! I will do that.
Totally agree. Beautiful moon tonight.
But no
Congrats to Rangers fans. Well-played. It was a good series. Caps will return to play another day.
I wonder what is #wearing for H's big night!
How'd you do that btw? Google Alerts for your domain name?
HOW SWEET!!
Whr the Parties at Today Lol
I followed you because you keep it real....real douchy.
Having a tutor on such a nice day like this sucks
this is random but is your iPhone pink ?
top 25 list...
Thank you! RT The wife + I just signed up as Intersection Superheroes for this week. See you there!
thank u! They have me wrapped around their little paws :)
good morning, loving the music lying in bed here
professionals like us don't just drink or send classic texts at night. It is a 24/7 lifestyle.
Who I want to win: Hugo best picture. Gary Oldman best actor. Rooney Mara best actress.
Some breakfast would be nice
Im High af!
Avengers was AMAZING!!! Go see it this weekend!! Just go!! :D!!
My hairdresser has ZERO evening availability for weeks. In desperate need of a trim before vacation--- Cincy suggestions?
Yup - I was being a little snarky in my post. They are a cheap attempt at stopping the inevitable.
Lunch is over - back to work!
The greatest form of humanity is the expression of genuine human kindness - itsjustme
I <3 !! He is absolutely AMAZING . :D I swear , I wanna marry him someday . <3
Agree!! xx RT Lovely catching up with on all things #SanDiego with
is live-tweeting the #CwKirk event - really interesting dialogue going on!
Change your twitter password James, I believe you've been hacked unless you're supplementing Packer pay w weight loss ads!
Sometimes I just want to throw my phone off the wall...
in miami already...
you have to come by the booth at #Fabulace Just ask for me Carl the camera guy we would love to meet you
no I wish
whuddup my boy
nice to meet you! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts
Went to my trainer this morning at 7:30am. Sigh. My appt is at 11am. So changing it so all my appts are at the same time!
In difficult times fashion is always outrageous.
i aint saying anything you have a nice body your destroying it with greasy food though lol
:) can't wait! keep up the good work, you've been hitting really well in the past couple weeks :D
Cutting the grass in March...
(She also says if you donated and aren't listed to contact her. So I nudge)
Thanks a lot! It was a nice day.
i think i just died a little bit hahahaa
haha im a spy
Just going up the stair for a wee snooze!
Winter break means a more focused job search for me. I can only change the situation if I change my strategy.
RT : Is it to early to go back to a regular pic cause my pic is Major! #FreePills<yeah its too early
Barbie what you up to?? sounds promising?? we be in FLA March 7-10 BUT way up in St. Augustine
text me
it is but its also kinda sad bc Bella gets skinny and her face looks like someone drank all her blood
no regrets
Thank You!! Aren't they FABULOUS?! ;)
I was going to start a list, but I won't. At least not yet. Let's see how the rest of the evening turns out....
RT : RFK Jr. at PLA: good environmental policy is always good economic policy
I'm glad i'm getting my money this year because i got major moves to make.
so the rapture is happening on Saturday taking all the Christians away, hmm, I don't see a downside
How dare you take that $ from gvt workers!RT We made history early this morning.Cut $100 billion from this year's spending plan
Can't let the Heat win this shit.
The bathrooms are all out of order at the gym. Not cute. Need to go to the bathroom.
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made.
My nails are pretty and I look like SHIT since I didn't fix my hair
Correction from earlier Tweet Operation "Little Girl Lost" Thank you!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We're so thankful and lucky to have such great (and good looking) supporters and friends, fuck yeah yall rule!
Cause im bout tht life....well a party girl life
doing great! Dancing and spending time with the little man!
I wish one of these teams would actually play defense. Sloan must be having a fit about his team's defense.
Filmmakers should be working on getting in their films to us by Sept. 1st and make the early subm. deadline! ww.ourcityfilmfestival.com
New articles coming daily!
Will the #commoncore lead to the effective use of technology in education? If so, what does it look like?
#Colts hanging on to Mathis... only 3 days until the decision deadline #Peyton. The "Final Jeopardy" song keeps playing in my mind...
It's normal for a Major League team to have 1.1 errors per game... right? Thats only around 180 errors in a season.
We'd like to welcome all our musician and geek friends back from #sxsw. Now come get some copies! We're bored!
hopefully you'll have better luck! I'm coming home and am just ready for my bed!
If we females are talking about one another, of course a man won't feel bad about calling us a bitch or a hoe. Women do it to other women!
I'll alert the paramedics
Even that ridiculous final can't ruin mood cuz I'm done!!
tried to look at your material, as we <3 coolness and web - link does not work.
Struggle with cravings? Most people are dehydrated. Next time you have a craving,drink 1-2 to cups of water & wait 20 minutes.
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your wine tweets!
#FF Thanks so much Connie
hey, Um are you still accepting Cover Girl pics for the video??
EqualityTV is co-creating an anti-bullying campaign with #BootoBullying! Be part of the movement and create change...
Then I guess you'll fit right in.
Follow me please! I love you so much<U+2665>
See - she should have lots of good (?) examples.
Came back home and I had a Kawasaki Z1000 waiting for me as a graduation and getting into a good grad school program present!
good deal... we're with you bud!
Ha, he's about my height. Maybe a little taller. Can't say i knew him too well. Knew his brother (who graduated w/ me) better
Great to see the fan base here in Cleveland show up albeit late.
lmao! My mom just gave me a crazy ass look cuz she heard it. Lol.
T.G.I.F.! Friday, Friday, gotta get down at #Fridays! We're getting the party started with $4 #highballs, $4 Corona and MORE!
Motivate - We are still masters of our fate. #quote We are still captains of our souls.
Nice meeting you girls! Hope to see you soon!
Wondering if our twitter fam ever got together, we'd write shit down to each other on bar naps in <140 character blurbs.
RT Ain't my only one but I'll make you my main girl. -little cocky there buddy. lol.
#WeWontWork if you cant kiss me in front of your niggas .
bou to go shoot tha saw gun
Arrested for DUI? Call us today for a free consultation - 619.338.9500
I'll be back Friday. Can you wait until then?
Watching "Source Code" on DVD....pretty cool so far!
Remedy your deficiencies,and your merits will take care of themselves. Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Artists, are you connecting with your fan base? #what are yoi waiting for
RT : Do you have a question for Chairman Julius Genachowski? Ask him anything #AskJulius and he'll answer five on
. I can't wait to hear how good tacos and marg are (read: nobody cares about the dude w/o taste)
just tried your "Kale Festa Soup" from your new soup cookbook...one word YUMM!
Sports, and baseball especially, can be a cruel mistress. 2009 helped obv, so did tonight, but I still feel pain from 2004.
tell me when u find out
Look at you John's(Elway& Fox) you should have heeded my advice and released the Tebow,now it's too late because Orton hears a boo...
So both and are running for king of web... I am conflicted on who I actually want to win.
I shall DM you-Like a boss ;D
Hahahaha i looked ain my wallet and i only got $1 -_-
Bingo! (But you knew that...)
Uncanny Tanney: YouTube sensation gets shot with Buffalo Bills ...
Wow! RT : Yes! Just celebrated the 1yr anniversary of the transplant!
Enlightenment is finding that there is nothing to find. Enlightenment is to come to know that there is nowhere to go. Osho Quote -
Thatsssssss lammmmmmeeee. Just kidding dude. Family First.
There's a baby on the way in my family and I can't keep myself from shopping for him/her!
no way. Its. Reason Kobe has a ring and AI doesn't. And a reason AI is no longer in the NBA.
Why does sex sell so well?
there u go with the qdoba smh
Looking forward to the return of to Staples on Thursday. Should be interesting...
was looking at a painted dot onna crockpot and said da light not coming on
Martin Luther~ Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
someday you will see a letter leads me back to you.
I seem to have danced my voice away!
Adrien better not make me miss McDonald's breakfast.
" Back Out" check it out by G. youtube.com/gregtellis314
she got on the bus smellin like L.O.U.D lmfao somebody had a wake & bake
"Important mainly because of the words in the message." That's as good a criteria as any.
My sister Jill is on here,she would probably love to hear from you Mayweather vs Cotto tonight.
Elliott has been shaky at best in goal for St Louis
are two big venues with rockin' crowds for the games. Download Bartab & redeem a drink for $1.00!
yea I bet
Hang with me and I'll get you shot with my big tongue
I'll have to go check it out, and maybe grab a skinny triple venti macciato
this is the first time I can say I EXPECT to win a series vs. The Red Sox. That's saying a lot.
omg mona I was doing that binaural audio thing like at 2 in the morning and I was tripping out rofl
Anyone else headed to the NW Foodservice Show/ today? I'd love to say hi!
ew, you bit him?:L
yea they r.
Man im so tired
u didn't mention dyoung!: Terrible defense, streaky pitching, bad bullpen, inconsistent offense. Playoffs bound.
Haven't picked yet, but looking at The In Laws, Scarface, King of New York, or The Third Person by our friend Max Juren
"When you have dry wood and you are ready to light a match, social media can ignite that fire." ~ at
Don't feel bad, punk! I have one named Arrogant Ass and one named Whore.
Be sure to stop by the Terracotta booth. Eric Mizell (from Atlanta) will be there.
let me know what you think!
don't you worry your pretty little mind, because people throw rocks at things that shine.
Co-sponsored ‘How #Homelessness Hurts Children’s Health & How You Can Help’ forum in Concord Sunday; great to bring local advocates together
TJs chicken nugs with ketchup for lunch... I think this means I'm home
how long have u had walking lessons 4?
please tell me when your coming to florida?! I got people to buy all the rage! I love you so much! Your my idol<3
Greinke picks up hid first hit of spring. That ties him with Ryan Braun!
I wish people would know the definitions to some words before they use them out of contextt....
I wonder how long it will take for the Red Key NOT to smell smoky. There's 71 years of nicotine on those walls!
tj's candy cane green tea is the new guayakí yerba mate is the new rooibos tea latte is the new tazo wild sweet orange
math class kinda makes my day haha all the boys make those 40 minutes not so bad
I hope wins
No he didn't, but he also didn't lead with the crown of his helmet like these dummies do now. Tatum hit with power AND skill
"#entrepreneurs are #artists" - David Dundas of Same with what noted at our other event!
Last day of the English season! One more game game ManCity an your champs after 44 years without one!
That awkward moment when boys and girls can't just be friends.
Follow back mahomie? <U+E328> would mean alot <U+E056>
No worries guys I didn't fall and get big scabs or ride home with lesbos this derby
creepy in a good way though. I could have him sit in my office too. Maybe I should knit him myself :)
Talked w/ my kids @ dinner last night bout what they've learned bout the renaissance.They taught me new things & I loved it
Keeping a close eye on the Endeavour launch. Lift off at 8:56am for last mission...we'll have it live! Fingers crossed the weather holds!
RT : Venting can help release frustration & motivate you to move forward but if venting lasts more than 15 minutes it Really...
Procrastination technique 4,276: called my bro's family. Niece said she's too busy to talk now-but don't call her later-she'll call me.
When you love and he doesnt love you back
S/o for showing love when he don't need to real nigga shyt!
On my way to my drug class -.-
Can anyone recommend a good, reliable cleaning lady in Bmore, who would come up to the Mt Washington/Pikesville area?
#so to my newbeez
- Hey Trae....I'd like to talk about this film in NOLA...need an extra producer. Check your FB and Hot-mail Charlie
Haha that's always fun! Hoorah for Spring Break :)
Does Wendy Chun just automatically provide gorgeous little twitter-bits? She's amazing in any context.
Flash splash intros : 2001 web pages :: Infographic content : 2012 web pages
sup ginge. your adventures in canada have gone on long enough
We were chosen as the charity to receive the proceeds from the event in #DC Awesome! Thanks to everyone who voted for us.
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
I've learn quite a bit about jQuery and PHP. I already knew a lot of the HTML/CSS stuff on there. But I'd recommend it.
smoores at my crib 2ma if any1 wants to come
How are our awesome fans today? How was everyone's weekend?
I LOVE HER SO MUCH! SHE IS THE COOLEST COUSIN/BEST FRIEND I COULD ASK FOR. SHE IS AMAZING :) I LOVE HER
Spartans going for that big ten title today go state!
thats pretty co too... i was gonna get cixhilids but u cant put any other type of fish with em theyre so aggressive ha
hey babe nice icon i have the dame button up. xx
Have fun! I used to intern for the show; everyone there is a sweetheart.
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
Still awake from #thebachelor Ben is blinded by infatuation
Today is 4/20 a date/number associated w/ cannabis. Originated 1971 as 4:20 the time students in San Raphael met daily to roll one up
looking forward to volunteer training this Sunday evening!
The "person" has a twitter now too..?
Our Annual YoungBlacksGiveBack Month continues tomorrow. Student Chat @ McKinley Tech High. Email & join us
As for OSUs bigger production numbers after Adams 5 games ... I think Herron returned that week also. I could be wrong.
right they always reporting wrong stuff lolol
I hate catching myself humming one of their songs.
The Coyote's stick-checking is off the charts good! Great at breaking up plays
Haters don't really hate you, they hate themselves cuz your a reflection of what they wish to be.
I love how deeply nerdy all the #gameofthrones merchandise is; I wonder how many House Greyjoy t-shirts they've sold so far.
Incredible night at the recital for my awesome vocal teacher, . Thanks for shaping me into the artist I am today!
Hey - I need to send you an email related to SW, but I seem to not have your address anymore. How should I reach you?
Why were you not lobbying for National Grilled Cheese Day to be other than during #Passover??
I don't deserve this
The temp has gone up 1 degree every 1/2 hr. The temp has almost taken over the index.
Bases loaded, nobody out!
can you email me tomorrow. . Need to get a meeting as we move forward w/
why is it much easier for me to be friends with 7th graders than people my own age
#kids Comedy Pet Theater: Comedy Pet Theater from Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 4:00 PM to Sunday, May 13, 2012 at 5:30 PM Jubilee Theater 3645...
Okay so I done slick fell asleep, n my right butt cheek is too...but I'm finna turn up now!
Hulsey says cops wouldn't let him and Sen. Glenn Grothman into Capitol as crowd of several hundred pursued Grothman on Tuesday.
I need a roadtrip!!!
Unfortunately, it is not. The city would not give us a permit as they'd prefer people pay the meters. It's only Mon- Sat 5pm
Try Cheeseburger soup prescription :-)
Give the gift that keeps giving. Genealogy, learn how to start tracing your families past.
Saw the J Pinder mural at Easy Street. Way dope.
Jeremy Lin is good. Amazing story. Media is trying to get too cute with all the nicknames. #espn headline was inevitable.
Myself is the only one that gets in my way of doing what I know I need to do. Once I learn this I might do the best thing I was meant to do.
....getting boring but LHH, no ma'am. HANDS OFF!!!! lol
The grass is always greener on the other side, only because you failed to water, fertilize and tend to your own side. Larry Wingel
That moment when you feel like everything's falling down.
I must say: listening to John Williams over lunch on this beautiful afternoon really made my day. Were you tuned in?
lucky girl
Pretty cruel for someone who lives in a shack in the mountains.
Can some one tell me why I cant get a boyfriend? I bet its cud I'm too ugly!
Just got back from a walk...feeling healthy!
We can all be happy if you do not intend just need the right person
Bringing my own sunshine!
Muldoon road to Bartlett is safe to drive. Oklahoma is a bit icey.
where you been, btw? Gonna be at bocce tmrw?
what are you being tutored for?
There is now. Check out new look on With Eric West
Within you I lose myself. Without you I find myself wanting to become lost again.
Thanks for the follow! Ciao to Milano :)
Take better care of your temple. Prophet says no caffeine. WE nEED U!
volunteers are at Borders (Greendale) today til 6pm wrapping gifts & collecting donations for the animals!
If I can't do this, then what can I do. Pathetic? Maybe. Destined? No.
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Job posting of the day: "Wanted: Flu Shot Greeter." Sadly, they want 1-2 yrs of experience.
No more fish fry dinners or (also fried) potato pancakes. No more!
One Tree Hill and Law and Order: SVU reruns makes this girls day go by smoother :] Thank GOODNESS for Netflix
It Dont Matter Who You Are It Is So Simple A Feeling But Its Everything
#Braves bats stayed behind in Denver. #Cubs win 5-1.
Thankful for a home full of family & friends. Happy Thanksgiving All !!
Where did you get the new Dokken!??!?!
Its Teacher Appreciation Week. We have all had a teacher that has made a difference in our lives. Don't forget them.
Been off the grid for a month. The wedding was the best night of my life! I'm back in reality now....
Costco & made it their mission to fight heart disease in women by sponsoring our #GoRedForWomen Luncheon! Thank you!
Never reject anybody in your life, because good people give us happiness and bad people give us experience. Both are essential in life.
Drummers are annoying.
Heading to base camp in April. Would love to hear some stories and tips. Eric
Hello Oakland! :-)
I have SO many different chapsticks....I don't think ill ever finish any of them
Our Book of Lists Gala on Thursday will narrowly miss the weather...good times and good networking for all!
Good morning folks!
I love that you love my love for things I love. Hi.
How come nobody ever says "everything happens for a reason" after something good happens?
thanks. I like that the led uses less energy. I have one of each and can't decide which to keep upstairs. Leaning led.
Thank you for following back! Glad you liked Tucson! What brought you to town?
Eats 4lbs Bacon/wk. Conan: "rn't u worried abt ur health!?" Bacon man: "Psh. No, there r more imprtnt things to worry abt than ur health."
I teach at 3 different studios. I want you to be interested in Nia, but most I want you to move, there has to be a class you'd like!
Just dont leave me out.. I want to be a part of u too.
Oh man. Why have I not been watching "Bob's Burgers"? Haha!!
I have excellent news. Manos: The Hands of Fate is available for purchase on iTunes.
workout at belmont university. good luck in the dance!
Thanks for your work against Waxman-Markley.
dad's been home for a month now and he's doing incredible ... thank you everyone for your prayers <3
ya im going to get one. Just not sure about them yet
That's funny. Julia says it is kinda boring. I hope I'm not boring when I DJ. :-)
thx for the mention, Jenn! Hope the trip is going well!
Is it just me or are the magic hands trying to induce more rally. Guess the pros need to get shorts off. These indexes seem frozen
its over already? Weak.
random search engine term referrer to Musematic: "perian pizza." Eh?
omg my feelings is soo hurt lol
Orienteering to the Tishbi crossroads in the Jezreel Valley
did you make reservations at commons?
The thing about communications work is that everyone thinks they're an expert.
RT : Florida investigators say in an affidavit that George Zimmerman profiled, confronted, then fatally shot Trayvon Martin.
also, I can't wait to see our dialogue EQ. I'm like a kid waiting for Christmas.
I want to go to Long Beach Pride!
RT : Feb. is #Pet Dental Health Month. This vid explains the importance of pet dental health & how you can maintain it....
every time someone asks for my opinion on something, they end up going against it.
I want to see an all out balls to the walls epic battle between #WonderCon and this cheerleader convention.
Team Cash & Prizes vs Team Twat
HA!!! RT : I swear virtual meetings = me not paying attention... until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset Scuffed up shoes :(
J. Hoberman being fired is the first horseman.
#Electrolytes include potassium, magnesium, sodium, calcium, chloride & bicarbonate. They control fluid balance in the body.
how did it go?:D I had to work :(
runn to your charger!!!!!(:
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
I second that!!
Thanks, #Pep, for four great years.
hhheeyyy! who wants to talk?! :)
it's a veritable hurricane of theatrical work w/ the chill as chill can be at its gooey cool center.
“: "covering" RT : Kobe Bryant now covering James Harden.” LOL
When software eats everything and every company is a software company, strategy follows data.
I'm doing well; just under a deadline for a marketing presentation tomorrow for a small nonprofit. How are you?
what kind of deodorant did mr. Baseball use in 1997?
We have PASSOVER SPIRITS coming out of our ears !!!
All these dumb ass seniors hatin on a sophomore. Team Bailey all the way. I don't even care what you think.
Cover your virgin ears.
The 2011 graduation rates are lower because of a new federal formula, removing extra time for pregnancy, spec needs.
I am glad that you did. :)
GB Fumble!!! Let's capitalize ATL...
I earned the Exercise Hound badge on Lose It!
Goodbye Feb, HELLO March. I love spring time!
u can barely contain ur excitement lol
Happy First Day of Spring to all!
we're glad to hear that!
Today on the show welcomes to the show discussing censorship of the Internet. 11AM CST on
I see you! Thats so cool! You're in loads of videos! I still remember the one where that hot guy sat on your lap! Hahaha :))
Happy Hump Day! I can't wait for the weekend, I'm going to do absolutely nothing...
Woke up 2 pleasant aroma of #BiereDeGarde #homebrew...til I realized a bottle burst & its contents were seeping into my carpet.
I hate my life
I regret saying i love you. because i never did.
Alrightttttttyyyyy GOOD NIGHT
It a come back to his tweet folks
Oh boy! What a fun contest to judge!
I find Peyton to be such an amazing rapper because unlike others he is original. His lyrics actually have a meaning to them
goodnight Jordan!
#COYLC bring home a win.
Thanks for taking the time to write up his response. I think I might use your post in one of my classes next week.
hey. Thanx for the follow. Have a great day
I wanted you to stay cause I need to hear you say, I love you I've loved you all along and I forgive you for being away for far too long
RT : read with your child Tips for inspiring young readers: By (ARA) (ARA) - It's never too early - or too late - to ......
Ha! I've already gotten two debriefing emails from my hotel roommate. Can't wait to see it in person.
Reverting back to freshman year of college and having a orange juice and vodka.
u can keep da pine ridin for da jags sideline we going to the bowl dis year
nope. We will have beers from Flying Dog, New Belgium, DuClaw, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel. Over 15 different beers
what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol
YOU can be a Star on VIDEO - Phantom SLO-MO camera in the Lounge in ACC Exh. Hall 5 #sxsw. Filming today & tomorrow only!
The Verdict: Bree, Not Guilty!
I go to parties sometimes until four It's hard to leave when you can't find the door -
working my ass off and playing a little poker tonight.
HAS HE BROUGHT OUT THE PIZZA GUITAR?!?!?!
Who's got some great Holiday Recipes they want to share with everybody?
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her! Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
How does one find a publicist?
bout what
#Cincinnati cops run over citizens sleeping in the park now....um...NOT OKAY?
Idk what that means but I'm betting it isn't good...Why did you Tweet it to the world if you didn't want replies? Makes no sense.
you nailed it - entitlement combined with A.D.D. is some toxic stew
Day 3: Oakshire Brewing Peanuts & Beer. Come taste Uncle Buds Deep Fried Peanuts while you enjoy a cold one.
Let me be clear, that's a suggestion I read on Lifehacker. Not something I learned from experience.
Consistency and Perservance!! .. Thats my talent!
vanilla with strawberry topping is godly.
Bout to join the boys on this cinco de drinko
- different events in the music industry and various news.
RT : students can major in entrepreneurship but ANY majors should try to be as entrepreneurial as possible.
Aloha Laura! How are you this Monday evening?
Woah - Survivor Man will be at the Seattle Columbia store tonight from 6 - 8pm. Love that show.
I promise I just fucked up my thumb
Are. You. Kidding me.
What happened to Monaco, B.G? :(
Those kinds are hard to find!
cute shoes where u get them from
Haha it just has a small list of some people's tweets under his tweet and I'm one of them!
I am never late for my train, just super early for the next one.
My grandpa is hilarious lmao he gives me life!
The second includes a cover up re: POWs but there are 2 more. One set in Afghanistan & the more recent one somewhere in Asia.
Is it.....BEAUTIFUL GIRLS?
being all rude n' shit , stupid . & my phone usually say I gotta tweet or someone retweeted me , my keyboard fuckin up to
"Is that a leash?" "No, its a child safety tether!" "No, that's a leash" hahahahahaha new modern family!!
Time for the V100 All-Request Cafe! Call 345.V100 or post your song request on the V100 Facebook page! www.facebook.com/v100fm
I spent four hours editing about 30 seconds of footage. Ahh :/.
Wish someone would tweet me cute messages for when i wake up.
VSAE was great fun today! Looking forward to next month already.
wait so uh we didn't even find out who the real A is? ugh.
RIP Dick Clark
ha! this is why i love you.
Am I gonna waste my time trying this?
great point!!!
Thanks for buying the book and for the tweet!
Haha. Maybe. I can do both. As long as its positive. Arguments and issues though should always be handled verbally though.
maybe sometimes so what are you up 2
o hai Jeff carter
Im hungry and the only thing i have near me is candy
so, so true, Dave. I know first hand. :) cc:
Honestly, I don't know how I functioned before
I like guyswho take there hat off and flip there hair its so hot :))))))))
Decided to end the week watching Star Trek! Damn Abrams and his lens flares!!
School administers in sw las vegas warn parents about man trying to lure kids in car. Story at 10 & 11.
MAGIC/BIRD, the new play about NBA legends Magic Johnson and Larry Bird, starts previews on Broadway tonight!
nothing at home watching criminal minds
Hope so! Good deal. Can't wait wife. :)
OOPS I mean 10:30pm, coming up, on LIVE on KIRO 7
in case I haven't mentioned it.. I am totally stoked that you're here!
I can never except losing because that means someone has out worked me in some way. And I never, I mean never will be outworked.
Rondo---taking control....
Yes 1st we do our homework and then we just play in the gym
I just saw that "Sarah Jessica Parker" is trending n the first thing I thought about is "Parker" cute ass dog!!
#GirlsLoveWhen A Man Puts "HER" Before "HIMSELF" With Every Decision He Makes.....-Breeze DTA-
i can't send you a message with my informtion, Twitter doesn't allow it unless you follow me...i guess i'm getting a new follower
Thanks! Also, keep meaning to send you congrats on your partnership with the shop. That's very cool!
- what you have going on in that island--Haiti & DR are separate, but unequal international policies.
Installing SQL Server 2008 R2 on my virtual machine to rebuild an ASP MVC4 website.
Who's coming out to see us on tour with School Boy Humor and Rookie of the Year?!
What's up my boy just starting to get into this twitter shit boss!
Stay tuned for some exciting news! :)
Wonderful summer Intern for you from Princeton Day School?
that's what's up! It's my new favorite song!!
yup love
7 pm tourney has started and I am still alive in the other one.
What's with the size sticker on the outside of the hat? Brought to you by the same clowns that wear their boxers above their wasteline.
I love you <U+2665>12
What is beyond that spot where sky and sea meet
damn ur to cute
also wishes she didn't have to work tomorrow...
done and done!
wait when?
Dang bro. I gotta get three in a week or two.
There is never any food in my house on Sundays :/
cool i will make contact with them tomorrow. And let you know what available little lady
You are most welcome! Have a great weekend!
Watching a karate class full of 5 and 6 year olds so frigging cute!!!ayah!!
After a 19 year career, 17 with the #RedSox, Tim Wakefield is hanging em up today. Glad he got to 200 wins last season.
Trying to plug in your phone charger in the dark = impossible
I like to YOLO
Fuck you Obama.
thanks for doing another random tinychat :)
I hate fake people
Part of teaching tech is allowing time to play with tech.
This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running & reading the Word.
love how informed you keep us here in the valley on the startups of the day. We're in the midst of something very cool right now
And without our best player! RT : My team is better than your team. Period.
I am somewhat concerned about how many times the announcers have said #sportingkc in the last 30 min.
rt - Packing for a weekend ! Come visit me and my crew at the tent! Big signing tomorrow Uniondale!!
Made a quick cameo on on William Balfour verdict.
t seems to me that Gingr can't get pompous now! How many suffered under Fannie/Freddie?
Last chance for NCAA morning games - still can sign up for Pac-10 Challenge and NCAA Night games! Cash prizes!
Y'all should make an itunes mix of good workout music.
These kids drink caprisuns like they're going out of style.
This weekend went too fast !! Rewind !! LOL.
Ri$e n Grind ppl$
yessir. I loved how off-beat it was. The guy who does the music for my films is friends with Jack Plotnick
Lol thank u. U got a Facebook?
just discovered that i HATE the sound of people slurping
I gota headache! Time to lay dwn for a min.
The road to success is always under construction.
Hope so! My gag reflex cant take much more of their spoon-feeding me #sheep dung. #NBC :)
Thanks for the amazing job you did commentating for the Battle of Florida Collegiate Game. Re runs Sat Jan 28th 11.30am FOX
Fraud tip of the day-use technology! Most are still not using technology as part of their fraud management program. Crowe can help!
Some people will be covering the NFL draft in suits tonight. I'll be covering it in pajama pants.
I Choose, by India Arie! Gets me going & motivated!
Writing old-fashioned print headlines. It's comforting, like a plate of mashed potatoes.
So. Marshmallows for breakfast are totally appropriate, right?
When Are You Coming Back To Baltimore & Can You Please Please Follow Me :))
It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person
My brother is tryin to show me his lil magic tricks & I'm fucking them up. Haha! He said I suck as an audience. Hahaha!
been eating a lot, but i'm not satisfied.
Orlando's Dwight Howard Headlines 2010-11 NBA All-Defensive First Team
#ThingsIveLearned When something goes wrong, move on. It's not the end of the world. :)
This person was astonishingly computer illiterate, but I still hold a grudge against NB for that one.
Seeing past lovers makes you look back at all the little things that made you fall for them…
lots more chances to win! #FroggyFlyaway to
Not You , Goof ! LoL , Don't Do That
Rise and grinds peeps... Don't put off til tomorrow what you can do today.
I haven't read the books but maybe they could have done it all in one movie. Guess I was expecting more.
Hi Matthew, it's 2pm check in and 11am check out | Some late check out options available until midday upon request to us |
Just got this new blkberrytorch. I'm finna be a beast on this twit game12 gat
I'm now helping out with media for , a fantastic environmental org!
That awkward moment when the dentist asks you a question while his hands are in your mouth
That's a good point!
Our early-bird pricing may be over, but tickets are still cheap and available!
Aw the parade is coming down my block! I still have my sheet music let me play with you.
i know! bummer. oh well, on to the next villa...lol.
YES! THE POINT EXACTLY. my 3rd period is all in. Love This play. Such great lines of poetry and wisdom.
Guy on the bus Sunday put his hand on my leg is a SUPER CREEPY fashion. I moved his hand & he did it again, so I changed seats.
#2A about bearing arms for hobby, commerce (security) or self-protection..case by case basis
Do you have a costume picked out?
A Knights Tale! :)
At the rate we're dropping RBs, maybe the Horns will have to have Gray come to school next week.
anyone who will listen I am really interested in substance abuse services provided/funded by the cityI have some leads can you help
nothing much, just laying on my bed haha, HBU?
Members of House Finance move into "explain my vote" speeches on #coasset. Two Dems so far will vote yes.
Thanks for the mention and support. See you next month for the Texas State student advertising presentation for Nissan.
Thanks, man! Much appreciated- I listened to tracks on your site and would totally be down to collaborate sometime! TK
; I'm not perfect & neither are you.. But together we're imperfectly perfect <3
Got woke up for sum bullshit...n decided to take my ass home.......
Women are devious
Looking for freelance photographers in Texas. If interested email portfolio & rate to work(a)1mcreative.com
Now Google video chat needs to add-in multi-person video chats (like Skype has, like Google Hangout has)... That would be killer.
If Cubs had won it all in '03 & Wood's career had been otherwise the same, he'd be the most nauseatingly popular ballplayer in city history
Katy Perry, Robert Ackroyd Get Close At Coachella: Singer Cuddles With ... - Huffington Post
what socks did you get?!
for the second time today, may the 4th be with you
If we had a patio it would be closed tonight, but we don't. We do have sushi and sake though! As well as Kampachi Kama tonight!
Hahah yes i do.... are you going to buy those shorts?
im good, thanx! The new location is deterring me, but I would like to see everyone. If a creative task does not consume me, im there
We about to go HAM on the escalator!
No one !
share with me the blankets that youre wrapped in 'cause its cold outside. share with me the secrets that you kept in, 'cause its cold inside
Perhaps someone should tell these guys (especially Santorum) that women are able to vote nowadays.
Congrats to for being superawesomecool silent auction winners last night!!
With #easter coming late this year, many in Hong Kong are combining Easter Monday with Labour Day to create a week long holiday.
I was definately thinking of #cincodewempen on Saturday!
Uugh... long day today with lots of meetings... = no fun
Coffee david? come on all mental
yea I'll pay you double
WI: Milwaukee election polls closed, good luck to everyone who ran a serious and issue orientated campaigns.
awesome man well we have a free lunch for you when you're ready. Just as for Mario. Thanks for being a customer
Impressive weave of alanis morrissette into a tweet about player values. Has this ever been done before?
Seabiscuit wowed America with his underdog story. We had a couple of racehorses, just needed new strategies. - at
Saints wins because we have better backup quarterbacks and we just are better...
almost 1,600 likes!? amazing!! xo
#LibraryStaff meeting right now & another meeting at 10a.
MY DREAM JOB IS TO BE THE NEXT HOST OF *YOUR NEW HOME* AND DRINK COFFEE ON TEEVEE
Belated thanks for the great customer service last week! Love having you here in Madison.
The Beautiful People - Marilyn Manson tomorrw night at the Fillmore in Silver Spring, Who is going?
go find your own guests!
Good morning love
If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example. – Ingvar Kamprad
I brought the song blackout to life last night, so I think I'm just gonna take it easy tonight
nommin on some tea and special k...sadly, my fruit supply has diminished
first bench points of the night?
Bernards: Hybridity presumes non-hybrid people and privileges "Third Space," but creaolization presumes mixture as shared norm.
Merry Xmas!
I can't say how happy I would be to have Marc Bousquet on faculty. We at virginia should be so lucky.
hell yea Cash Is That Nigga he deff did his shit wit it
Cuse is good ... But , remember their history of early NCAA tourney exits.
Epithets ARE vile, but blind censorship not wise. Plus we've bigger racial injustices & more insidious coded racism deserving attn (3/3)
Walked through the Embarcadero today. What the hell?
I second that emotion.
I guess one way of getting your spring break bod is turning on the heat in the car and sweating to death
7pm tonight Broadcasting a Big Time Big North Hockey battle between Wayne Valley and Northern Highlands on MSG VARSITY!!!!
thanks Ellen, enjoy your weekend as well.
~lml that would b different
Christopher Lloyd, race car, truckosaurus.. envious!
Already bought my playoff tix.
what the heck theres tweets i didnt even tweet like trying to lose weight fast and crap
"THE" BIG 1070
wat up mane how you livin
ha! Good joke
Passed a billboard which read, "Buzzed driving is drunk driving." It made me put down my drink and reevaluate my definition of buzzed.
You are very welcome!! :)
Tim Tebow PLEASE PICK JETS, REPRESENT NEW YORK!
This game is insane & I only have OOTP12. There's nothing like watching a 44th rounder blossom into the games best prospect.
#NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol. make it happen Nicki,leggo
What games do you want couch co-op buddies for? I'm been meaning to find an excuse to hang with you, Justin, Keith, et al. IRL.
Sometimes you wish you could change the past.....but sometimes the past changes you
really lee... smdh
Bye guys love !! see you tomorrow ! :) Love xoxox !
Note about the Live Video & Audio for today's game (4 pm): Both feeds must be opened at same time to watch & listen.
best awaard of the nightt... "DO DRINK THE WATER IT WILL KEEP YOU ALIVE!" at disney world had some dehydration problems lol all good now:)
Been a while, def time for a night tonight
The Doors
>> Love your invitations > so creative and personalized!! :)
3rd floor of #LloydCenter mall evacuated as #hazmat team investigates powdery contents of suspicious envelope in mail room.
Saw the Lucky one yesterday! I cried <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Yay #pla12!!! So excited to b here!
why the fuck did that bitch give me a C
The market manipulators have already gotten leverage and are pulling commodities and the DOW back up from the opening lows.
Looked at your images. We have Goldens & I have that earth shot on my images. What else?
Are there #edchat equivalents/analogues in Spanish? (Preparing to present to 200 teachers in Mexico City next week). ()
This sun>>
Hey guys, today is my birthday. <3
right message = right time - like music to our ears
It's free slice Wednesday at Baker's Square and it's Pi Day. A match made in pastry heaven.
Hope you like them! RT : WAY too excited about the package I just received from ! Vegan cookies just for me :)
A-Town Veteran the#Streetlit #UrbanFiction #book by #ColeHart is available now on #Kindle for 99 cents.
oh well I'm in the gym lol sittin by my self cause I got tired of playing basketball
FYI for those I work with I was on a conference call at that moment
DO N ALOT OF THINKING..... splash!
I will mf!
j'ai honte de lui... #shame !!
another labor day: school starts tomorrow!
RIP Davy Jones
love it - definitely want to incorporate some of these ideas into future possibilities...
It would fit in Baltimore. Lots of people have houses that are underwater......
sure do
Nah he always announces them such short notice, I don't have time to get off work
whoa awesome moose
Everybody git down to the Wildhorse Saloon tonight in Nashville at 9 to pull for me to win The Battle For The Saddle!
i really do like him ^.<3
I'm at the Fork. Cant stay too long because people sometimes arrive at the office by 6:30pm.
Ducks&#39; Darron Thomas Might Not Get the Call in the NFL Draft
place called "Oyster Bar" in Fort Wayne. Are you familiar?
Ultimate Pics are Freaking Hilarious.hand sanitizer.baby whips.. ball tagz..nipple twisting.. I can't stop Laughing..Thank you
RT : RT : I do not want to go to school tomorrow.
It is with true love as it is with ghosts; everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
Nominations are still coming in for the Second Annual Art Awards at Art San Diego Contemporary Art Fair. Noms will be revealed next month :)
love you too :*
Melo still my boy but its good run NYK !!!
Ensure content is finger-friendly. Just b/c content is big enough to read doesn't mean its big enough to touch.
- Hi thanks for the follow too :) Tammie
He also said that Rage Against the Machines live nearby in Eagle Rock.
I can convert. Send them to mclewis63 @ gmail. Do you know about Cute PDF?
yes! Let's coordinate
Only Love Him For The Moment .
Just makes me angry at myself. Trusted the guy. He not only had another girlfriend while dating me, but left me with bills.
I couldn't help but burst out laughing watching Justin Bieber's new music video..
Oh, me too...would love to review on or
use hot water and epsom salt!
I guess #oomf flogged me out on my bday gift
I expect to see the I VOLUNTEER!!!oneoneone gif approximately 3059782305 times.
FINALLY. Riley to the #Lions. Way to represent
Ordered the fight like mayweather tonight
the first year mfas! arabian effing nights!
#Redsolocup was mortifying...thanks
if you put a sticker on there let me know how it holds up to the water
Birthday comin up soon! Thinkin about hitting the slopes...
I want you to drop it , pick it up , n bring it back girl
Cause I got friends with tractors;)
And that WEATHER!
the sick new full video from FLOW. Scotty Lago rips shit up with the whole team on this one.
ohh gee madd you hear this he is gonna make US cool? haa :p
Thanks to all of our friends and supporters who joined us for an awesome time at #spagdisco last night! It was a blast!
guys! tweet at this amazing fella, and ask him to feature Goodbye Coastline in the Substream Random Awesomeness section!xoxo
I agree he knows he can keep stepping up his game before the league... Honestly wouldn't be surprised if lamb and Teague stay
Roll your shoulders back and lift up your heart. Drop your chin and breathe deeply.
B_RandisRaaad Are you okay??
are there any gentleman left in LA?
Mayor bloomberg speaking at capitol in albany at signing ceremony for pension reform - "This agreement provides broad based relief."
I love you sm your beautiful
My arm hurts D: My baby chicken Died :/
It's official is finally 21!! Can't wait till Friday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0086><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
I fell asleep during the National Anthem.
At least you can afford it. And you have a kick ass job. No hangover sympathy for you.
Ready to go watch the grizzlies play!!
There is legit a show called dinosaur train... fuck free tv
Pasco Pop Quiz Friday coming up at 12pm. First person to answer each question will get a Shoutout and #FF from ! Please RT!
66º. time for backyard beers.
And so it begins...
British researchers stop brain cell death in mice with brain disease. Research may help Alzheimer and Parkinson disease.
The couple next really needs to jump off a bridge.. How annoying...
Time for some US Toy action. I'm there from 10am - 11am for autographs, pictures and tomfoolery. Come on out!
'duck, duck, cute' - instant classic!
tonight! opening reception for "a private glimpse", 6-8pm!
Shut up and just kiss me already<3 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Who does a ghoul fall in love with?His ghoul friend.
You had fun filming this week ? (:
Eww filled with old ass raaaaaachet people... how's that old blonde bitch that fingers herself? She reminds me of a saggy old ass cow.
No abstracts.
Already hit my head, laddered my tights, tripped up and cut my leg and I've only been awake 2 hours
Mr. Hamas, not when those "democratically-elected govts" put (i.e. force) their women into burqas, it's not!
“: Hey, not Air Marshall Jon. You wanna get back in that rest room and not rest?”
you should! You'd be very popular
One of my favorite parts about #MeatlessMonday? How good meat tastes on Tuesday.... eggs w/ bison + chicken sausages for breakfast m
Parents should not be criticized for protecting their children. It's their right and their responsibility.
New Specials, Chef has put together delectable delights featuring the beef burger (The Bonanza), turkey burger(Georgia) & veggie(The Lydia)!
Thanks to Cari Guittard for her words on #GlobalEngagement + #CitizenDiplomacy RT Say it square, then add flair.
DJ'd for three nights in a row! I love MusiC! Please consider hiring me for your next event!! www.mattriley.net =)
My tummy hurts
happy birthday, Thomas <33
Today was so much fun.(:
liar. it gave me the answer. magic = ruined.
i'm in plato's closet and they already skrillex and kelly clarkson and david guetta i'm gonna kms
I need to find a candy store asap
Thanks so much!!
For sure...where you guys from?!?!
HELP ALEXIS MEET JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!!!!
thanks for seeing me laser night. I'm sorry I was already drunk.
i have The same thing (:
You need to know the WHY in order for the HOW to work. That is what the Q/A call for my 6 week get your child to do what you want was about.
Today is Keith Haring’s birthday. He would have been 54. Celebrate his legacy by visiting “Keith Haring: 1978-1982” at the Brooklyn Museum!
Cavanagh - the funder prescription is now becoming how to do the research & achieving particular outcomes.
what smiley lol
i never tweet from this account anymore! :/ have you missed tweets from your microphone? :)
I am Shady's son
I know I have said this before, but I hate the "manly" dr. pepper 10 commercial and I f*cking resent that they show it during Fringe
that's a tough call-we say toss preference to the wind and celebrate their awesome harmony of free corned beef goodness!
Selling your soul to gain influence for Xst is still selling your soul and will make you more of a danger than a good influence
So thoroughly sorry to have missed at #NITLE. Happy to be following via weirdly functional Amtrak wifi.
Ur welcome:-) if you know others please have them order: it's time for this to change!
hahah ya boy! Get it in pimpin
not yet
All girls are beautiful in their own way, real talk its sounds like the same old shit, but its true
Omg fells point is filled with drunk green people and 1/2 of them are behind the steering wheel of a car.
Checking out Richard Beirarch - Eon. 1975
haha yes roomie, i finally made it home to our mansion. There's no place like "home"... Lol
I've already lost to turtle sex.
I cheated on my money with a fuckin bitch but my money loyal she stuck around n shit
It's Miami Music Week: 20th - 25th March! Where are you partying?! MIAMI 2012
U prob get asked all the time but r u watching BB13? I would pay to be in the room w u and Ragan watching Brenchel..haha
THE BMO WILL BE IN CONCERT APRIL 29TH!!!
Practicing your facial expressions before going on stage.
Florida misses you!
Glad to hear it! See you next time!
Our colleague, Dr. Mark Van Stone, is going to be there!
Thanks for following me!
Nothing better than Eine, my dog McKinley and mad men on a Sunday night!
- Cool buddy! See you at SJ Caltrain then Mega Startup Weekend tomorrow night!
thanks for the support and promotion. Cheers to good art.
Lovely day to celebrate our EARTH. Happy Earth Day everyone. We are always here w/paninis containing fresh products from the Earth.
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- the role of Marketing is to make selling easier. (paraphrase, Peter Drucker)
Good Night all the Tweetie Birds in the WOrld !
Happy Mothers Day!
RT : NFL Draft and happy hour at Life is good.
Congrats about all the stride. Keep doin your thing ;o)
Just Dance!
Hard to find better company than the crew, thanks!
Sounds like a plan. at 12:30!
Goddamn, that has a beautiful head of hair!
Hi! We'd be happy to troubleshoot/resolve this for you. Can you send details to ? Thanks!
5 o'clock somewhere
I hate girls that can't respect their girl or relationship.
Ottawa is like 1 gigantic Milwaukee basement show, except the bands are good.
catfish mustache
Please vote today make yourself count!
ooh, as you should! love those earrings.
Epilepsy Update underway. Dr. David Treiman from Barrow Neurological Institute speaking now on SUDEP
40 oz's for 4 dollars at the bar. #vintage #mke Now time to get wasted at the wonder bar
#hotpeopleifollow they are so great. FOLLOW THEM(:
Suggested names for the NO Hornets: (1) NO Teabaggers; (2) NO Confederacy of Dunces
Thats awesome!! :D
Blasting Kid Liberty on this road trip was the greatest idea I've ever had.
No Way! You live in 's pants too:D
Your facial hair is sexy ;)
you need someone to get him the ball, not just pound the ball in the ground 30 feet from the hoop like JL3 did.
Let's collaborate on a song
Awww my friends drunk tweets are so presh. HAHA!
Feel free to call me for a free hair consultation. www.hairinthecity.me
Thanks for the follow!
forgot to include the smiley face. Just trying to get your goat!
when is your album coming out?? :)
Thanks for the mention!
Whats up Twitter world?
Share them with us, too! RT : Have a Valentine's Day craft to share? Share it here and check out some other great #crafts!
Fried flounder in onions & black pepper sauce musing on Zeppelin's Lemon Song take on Howin' Wolf 's The Killing Floor. Check it out, Steve!
Good luck even getting out of any group stage England with everyones most boring Auntie Roy Hodgson. Another Steve McLaren here we come.
A Web site titled “The Pi-Search Page” finds a person’s birthday and other well known numbers in the digits of pi.
"Trust the Duck Luke" - Yoda
NBC Nightly News used WikiLeaks as a source on Gadhafi last night. Should WL be used as a source? Seems to legitimize an illegal enterprise.
beautiful weekend ahead for nyc..... check out and and enjoy their outdoor dining areas!
thank you for the kind words!
who won ayeverb vs hitman? just curious about ya opinion!
Twitter's suggested I follow the Milwaukee Police. LOL! LSD!
Henrik with 2 great saves at point blank range.
omg why did this have to happen... :/
Almost january still havent turned the heat on
goal number 23, go to yoga with me at least four or five times. :-)
RT : haters love to talk u down when bitches bring u up!!!
#OrlandoMagic will need patience,poise and perfection to win tonight
Ryan Braun is first player to ever hit three homers at Petco Park. He is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple.
no prob! You have any news on the store in #CLT?
glad you got it! Hope to see you soon
Young hearts keep chasing what you know is meant to be. They will call us crazy, though they're better off naive and in love again.
Thank you I'm so glad you liked it. Happy Birthday Lisa :-)
Award Winning Home Stager Launches Staging Services for Home Buyers Tori Toth, Owner/Lead Designer of Stylish Stagers, Inc. located in th
Ok people, to work I go. Let's hope the #Cubs get a W!
Always wanted to go to the EMP! Not sure yet though.. I'll be a first-timer at MLA
Everyone is trying to kill you. If you just weren't so WEIRD though you'd blend in better.
Aww thank you very much for the +K love!
He's certainly talking that way.
lol thanks! Text me too so I have your #
#rolltide MT I wish I could be in New Orleans for the game. Opportunity like this only comes along like once every other year.
Good night, Ms. Ostrom. Sleep well. Sweet dreams, baby.
Oh that's just rude! Sick day? Lol JK. Toni Morrison isn't paying your bills.
My lovely wife worked my ass off today doing yard work.. Nice day for it but I am ready to rest and a cold beverage.
Nights where every single noise and light keeps me awake make me feel like I'm going crazy. Worst feeling ever.
It does no harm just once in a while to acknowledge that the whole country isn't in flames, that there are people in the country
Prospecting and more prospecting. looking for that next satisfied client!
3. #Cardinals 9 #Brewers 3 | Crew clobbered by Cards / Aoki's first Brewer hit / leaves haiku hopeful.
still working on it ha
Wat o do when your bored
Just wanted to tell you I love you and thank you for being you
*stroking my chin thoughtfully* I haven't asked. Perhaps this is a question for Miss
Walking around proctor in Tacoma, Wa. It's a nice sunny day. :)
Finally adding some folks to my "follow" list.
I wish I could learn I was allergic to a medication before it sends me to the ER all night long with an asthma attack.
Mary! How do you change your name all the time?
my apartment had 30 foot floor to ceiling windows in the living room and today they're getting cleaned! SO EXCITED!
e!! That sounds sketchy !
I see you communicate with everyone else....but me...
brown like poop..
bro we got two days I didn't forget
Hands down, I love Gwen and her fashion sense.
We found love in a hopeless place <3
Thanks brah, there's more where that came from
Question of the Day: What was the last song/album you paid for, whether digital download, CD or vinyl? Or hey, tape, if you dig it!
yo im uploading now is that coo
Media coverage of the tour, including ’s play-by-play, helped shine spotlight on ’s work as cultural ambassadors
both very true statements , haha
wait what? O.O who?
There's a hefty sized ball of stress growing in my tummy right now -ugh! I'm too Type A for my own good,.
Matusz makes quick work of the Yankees, throwing 11 pitches. He's now up to 41.
#mentionyourcrush I guess its not a secret anymore :b c;
“ When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.” Wow yea
- I grew up in Minnesota and then it was pop. Now I'm in Milwaukee, WI and it's soda!
Clippers' Griffin won't let knee hold him out of Game 1
Can't wait for the "These Days" video shoot this Sunday!!!
I don't live with you! Who are you? If my wife saw this she would be pissed!
Had a great time with u beautiful.
I'll at least spoil some of the suspense for you: Pedroia ain't getting moved.
Sir Paul made a cameo on 30 Rock tonight. Everything I love, all in one.
is it chloe moretz
If iwhat you do or say "needs to be explained"...then you failed...
#20ThingsAboutMe I've really never done anything seriously bad before... My bad attitude is maybe the worse thing about me.
Congrats on a great show! Sounds like it was pretty rocking according to the Twitterverse!
I can't wait hopefully I can get to one of the shows
Record it!
Am I an asshole for overlooking a positive message because it's misspelled with incorrect grammar?
is cold year round there? How hot do the summers get?
great insight in this article
Great input, thank you! When acne is caused by allergies, removing the allergen is often enough. You are right.
i hate when people steal my phone and dont give it back for five hours.
#YouKnowShesTheOne if she laughs when you fart
Hi lady! Long time no see. Hope you are well.
Relax and breathe in; this is nothing personal, and you probably got that ticket for all the right reasons
I bet you like Asians. ~ The power of the Asian.
Lunch crowd has been getting good reviews! Thanks for everyone's support! Please come in and tell us what you think
Thank you! RT : I attended an awesome networking event last night! Thanks Digital Rochester and !
nah no Walmart tonight
lol the nigga Ash! Did you do track this year?
in my Eboni voice use wat u got to get wat u want Lmao
Ugh these people can really be annoying sometimes. Stay away from me please. Not interested,
so you change it legally.
Cleaning up the mess from yesterday :D idk wht happen :))) should I remember.. I'm finding condoms everywhere lol
Today we welcome back to ANC after his defection to SFO. Tweetup at the Snow Goose starting at 4:40pm. Join us!
I fixed my twitter settings so hopefully RT will work!!!
The two rappers will launch their 45-city trek beginning May 23...
Resisting the temptation to not buy anything - Burbank.
Thanks for the links to the NC photo. Beautiful buildings!
Mothergod advocate: 'It's not a coincidence you hear from us all the time!' Me: 'well I lived in Herald Square' Him: 'oh.'
red all your resent tweets lol
! Sending our deepest gratitude and love your way! Your support means so much to us! Thank you, sister! You are making waves!<3
All The Way!!
Arsenal for selfish purposes, I know he he comes AW will give a good shot to be a 1st choice player
ready for this tennessee game tomorrow!
Why can't all these people love Jesus Christ the way they love Justin Bieber?
Oh snap!
You can text your vote too! Send 101861 to PEPSI (73774) from your mobile phone! Thanks for supporting these talented troops!
We see a growing energy gap: Devices that do more; batteries that can't keep up. Low-power devices need lower-power displays, no?
The news reports are looking promising for Obama!
#stm2012 In biological sciences, it is harder to get at truth in part because peer-review cannot eliminate the errors
so your a model?
Working emergency tonight And tomorrow.. Wish I was at home playing
Success comes to those who strive for it!!!
Chick fil a is the model 4 restaurants!
length shouldn't be a problem, and yes, it handles better than you think it should.
Alex Hart: lover, dreamer, triathlete
#SXSW finds: #Driskill hotel is a classy cowboy space to meet with Industry Professionals.
Who? Just kidding--even the fanciest have their guilty pleasures. Short answer? No. Long answer? No, sir.
Chinese food <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
And thanks. :-)
Thanks for following back ;)
What are you serving for St. Patrick's Day?????
And if our God is with us, then what can stand against?!
Oh yeah, don't I look awesome tossing back shots... Of Pepto? -________- Going on 14 hours now with this wicked heartburn.
: Please please please follow me!!!!! I LOVE YOU SO MUCH YOU HAVE NO IDEA!!! PLEASE <3 8
Is it better to have loved and lost...or to never have experienced Picnik in the first place?
He currently works as an inbound marketing manager & product owner at HubSpot and recently authored The Social Media Marketing Book
I just spit out my tea laughing so hard at your nickname for Harris Teeter #theTeet I'm dying that is so funny!
Thanks Pete! That's sure to soothe my poor throat. Hurts to swallow :((
is on it's way back from it's world premier. Damn pleased.
im layin down .bout to go ...why yu up
I made consuelo take my chicken meat off the bone for me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
tee hee! <U+272A> i like liking things and peeps
Yo Lets Tango
haha i saw this like 3 minutes ago,im on my phone and on my laptop so im on two things at once...
ha!! -> “: Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy! But here's a condom, so fuck me safely.”
140 characters is not enough to express exactly how I feel about you.
Last night's "URBAN FIRE SHOWCASE" @ Karma Lounge, NYC was "CRAZY". Great crowd, great energy, and incredible talent!!!
#that1friend who knows she would get more followers if she puts her bra as her avi instead of her face...
Important neighborhood in the history of American soccer as I understand it.
I don't have to set an alarm tomorrow....I may spontaneously combust with excitement
Hello, Jessica - I'm in the office today.You're on my list of follow-up calls. Would you like to have that chat?
Slept through all the Sunday Majors, but I'm gonna shock and awe my tired opponents in an evening set of tourneys.
Thanks! Let me know if I can return the favor :)
finally!! I love how politically vocal you've been--keep it up!
yes sir its coming very soon
Don't judge me by my skin color!! Lmao
Lol. Stop acting like you don't care.
I got spammed by like five people the second you tweet that awkward tweet
Watching this Baylor-SDSU game and all I can think of is what could have been 3 years ago... Thanks
Damn u hungry aint it lol RT : Wonder what's for breakfast....
In the Studio recordin the green pill
Carlos, the Nokero model, has made his debut!
Of course!
But you are going into surgery. That's how I feel every time I have a reading. Those who know will turn your play into pieces
If only serena knew
Which are things that are rare as hell.
Watching the #Rockies right now is giving me diverticulitis
get ready lmao Better than all of our others lol
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
I'm eating a grab the gold and coffee right now! #nom Thanks for the follow!
ik right! hahah i'd need to get that dress taken in!
I have been using #egc2012 *shrugs*
Dude did you make it over yet and more important did you get your coupon?
BABES CABARET SUNDAY MARCH 14TH FIRST R&B-HIP HOP NIGHT THERE EVER !! THROWN BY YOURS TRULY .. MY BOY SWAG IS SHOOTING VIDEO
But, that doesn't mean that many people actually read those tweets. It's the *potential* audience size. 2/2
At work, missing my babies like crazy...
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video? Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
A slushie would be great.
but not today becuz my boyfirend come down here
glad u enjoyed it! Followed, thanks for your support! <33
lol, Hank's dance is a classic!!!! Him and that neck... Lol
Thanks so much for posting the Dr. Bill podcasts. I'm a Bay Area transplant to NYC, and was bummed to learn of KGO's folly.
You better attend the Holiday Charity Gala this year!
If you don't want to talk about it don't tweet about it
Thanks for answering I'm a huge fan
Watching Capote. Brilliant perf by P. Seymour-Hoffman. In Cold Blood remains a remarkable feat. A 'non-fiction novel, as Capote called it.
call them. They'll walk you through it.
How to hang a door in an existing opening at 6:30 pm sign up at bethsdiy workshop.com
You're welcome, Melissa!
On book 1, Channie seems very nonchalant about cursing (nasty word, that) those she's angry at. Juvenile? Or just human?
oh my lucky stars!!! Clay and Joe are looking good on the cow bar tonight! A glorious sight! Giddy up
My insta is acting up ughh :(!
Could you explain what you mean by that? I think I know what you're getting at but I'm not sure
Thanks for the RT, as always.
kevin harvick was fast from mid pack to 3rd in one lap, damn
#teamfollowback Come on; I'm almost there!!
Happens all the time. Have fun!
u seriously need to stop hating on the admit it they are a great team.to win 3 by more than 15 points each #c'mon
it's Art Basel weekend, YES! RT : Enough of this "eh" or"bullshit" news i've been getting all day. GOOD NEWS! Someone,anyone, PLEASE!
Kid at JFK: Mom,mom... What if we got back home and our house was just in flames. Mom: You've got a good imagination there. Son: maybe so
Is your cat from HELL? Now casting couples with an unruly cat! (Los Angeles) - email:
LOL, that cracked me up.
mother is stable, but she needs to be better, I am so worried. So much pain my heart.
And then decided I should've had 's kid while performing Fleetwood Mac's "The Chain". WHAT?! Seriously, subconscious?!
Happy Monday Afternoon! How was everyone's weekend?
on my way to the ATL!
what's erica issue. She one on tv grabbin boobs & downplay kim for her rise!
No expectations
RT : In the process of constructing a new beat website. All artists/publishers/A&R's following me, stay tuned!
if I fell asleep texting you its because I didn't want to say goodbye
Hello to the UK! Jana, it's very nice to meet you too! We're always happy to have friends overseas.
Minnetonka Senator Terri Bonoff calls Vikings an important tradition worth saving, which is why she took part in working group.
#Bulls G Derrick Rose out for rest of Playoffs with torn ACL.
Study Tip: If You Want to Remember Something, Think Deeply About It
how, if at all, will offensive playbk change with Childress here?
downloading mayday parades new sound which suckss cause they sound lke every other boy band now! =(
Your a lair you'll always be a lair . Why do I even bother with u . Oh wait I know why cause I listen to my heart not my brain.
text marketing may be the answer to enhance and help email programs, break through the clutter, maximize budgets and reach new audiences.
this nigga gotta be high af
RT : If you don't follow , there is a 98.7% chance you don't really love us.
I remember #whenitwascoolto be on someone's top friends list
. leading an eye-opening discussion on metadata and healthcare it at #Healthit Summit 2012
I feel a re-mix coming on....
Dear diary, a chipmonk asked me my name today, I told him it was a Jo, that lie will haunt me forever.. haha funniest thing xD
He who is not very strong in memory should not meddle with lying. - Michel de Montaigne
Getting my nails done for prom. :)
is it streaming live online?
Congratulations to Forsyth Medical Center on the new Maya Angelou Center for Women's Health and Wellnes. Great for the community.
Davis already owned henson....check last play of UNC game...can't wait to play FAT Melo
I should do that when I write papers!
Too funny!
Waaah I didn't even start on my lab report._.
Sure pal.
that suxs ha xP
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so. Douglas Adams (1952 - 2001)
interesting documentary about for-profit colleges- Frontline: College, Inc.
I wish I was going to the drake concert.. , wanna take me with ? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tom Boasberg at NSVF: preliminary fall enrollment figures show a net choice into FNE Denver schools after massive turnaround.
Correct. Link is fixed.
That's the wrong thing to doo !!
okay i will! im so nervous!
:P There you are.
that just struck something...
why do you let Lampley be a commentator for Roach fighters?
#WhatHurtsTheMost knowing that doesn't know of my existence and I sit here all day talking about him -___-
Thx! You never know where I might show up :). Every day is an adventure!
Is The Avengers any good?
anyone know someone who works at coilplus on bleigh street??
My luck cam bats go dead or hit record while its recording&it pauses
Leadership means leaving things, and people, better than you found them.
Join me Thursday for happy hour @ Plan B!!!
Yes ill take 'desperate cries for help' for 400 please alex
"Obama: The First Gay President"....yeah, that makes sense
Opening night
thanks man!
Just finished your expert setup. Let us know if you need anything else!
I need #oomf to cuddle:'D
just sent you over and email! Hope to work together soon!
I seriously can't slow down. I fit a 36 in a 16.
lol right Justin !!!
hahahahaha. they are so cute when they ask that. "where can I find Hunger Games" "In the homes of 30 forward thinking patrons"
says we're a "nation that treats people fairly" but he & are being unfair to US religious ppl. RT
trying to upload my collage of my pictures to background, maybe I better do not.It's weird HTML
Let's Go Grizz! #grizup all the way to the finals!
How are you? It's been a while huh? What's the skinny miss missy?
Dang. No power again!! Someone tell me how these games are going !!
Sounds fantastic! Happy Mother's Day!
LISTENER SHOUTOUT: To from Sharon, MA for his excellent future in music!! Go give him a follow if you want!
Sweet baby Jesus I am so ready to go!
Lord open up the door
Sheena has been jailed :( Can you spread the word this is my jail account bb?
I'm in a horrible situation the man I love abuses me
Sow kindness, you will reap a crop of friends.
Don't forget to check out our fall schedule. Email Paula for more information
It's Complicated
i need a life
"The less you read about #homeopathy, the more you understand it."
Hiding in the subways for sure
Certainly will if I can!
This day is beautiful! Celebrating 26 years and it feels oh so good!
Sure am glad I spent money on 's & the package! Blocked from Sox/Yankees due to regional blackout rules.
I gave you my twitter at the radio staion and you still haven't followed me!!
I need to <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080> . But god I do not want to get up.
DIAMONDS & PEARLS COUTURE COMMERCIAL (SPRING 2012): via
If the woman on this train talking loudly about Schoolly D is any indication, I must be in Philly.
Yes with some colors you dont need to bleach your hair.
I'm digging the Keith Harring Google doodle this morning
you will not be disappointed.
I have the best sis in the world! She unpacked my suitcases and organized my entire room! Huge weight off my shoulders..
At this rate in 2 weeks the only words left on Draw Something will be Nike, KFC and tebowing.
Strand Events Today: The Shelby County Players are holding their annual fundraiser “Divas” at the Strand at 7:30pm.
Its hot as mf outside dam
Don’t just work a job – own the company! www.businessofbakingnow.com
-and learn how the Cleveland Indians led to the creation of Superman!
In school, im so glad that they didnt block twitter off here! cant wait to get home! #borde :P
Validating the oral-systemic health connection
But in all seriousness, I also proclaim that Wesley Willis beats both of them by miles. Oh, I went there again!
DUDE ME AND MAC TOTES JUST SAW THAT CRAZY BLONDE CHICK FROM ZUMBA AT EL TORITO
OLD SCHOOL!
ah dilemmas
and I'm loving every minute of it :)
Real Shit. Copping Some Mad Shit At Treasure Coast!!
Also featuring some new faces from Miller Park, a UW track star eyeing the Olympics, and two high school teams in Appleton doing good things
are you going collab with one day
Phone screen spider webbed. This bites. Gonna test me insurance. :/
Due to the Enfamil baby recall, if anyone is having problems finding Similac, let me know the store(s) and I can help
Vegas StrEATs is hoppin'! Get down here now for a warm Philly cheesesteak and some great music too.
I don't regret that I stop watching.
Have a wonderful meal in DC! Good luck with quenching the seafood craving-- we hear crab legs are great for that. :)
Off to work ... grind time
arizona is totally ripping us off!!
Follow for all your needs in the #LA area. Photographing movie stars and more
hey handsome ;)
OMG he might be punning
Psycho music tweets this to me every so often. No clue what it meansRT : Veeeeek! Veeeeeeeeeek!
Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
So hungry all I want is two boots pizza. Looks like I'll be hitting the gym over time today
Just finished the first draft of my new thriller: "The Girl with the Pokémon Tattoo."
what's an oyceter? o.O
Me to....look a bar!
The Baltimore Ravens are 2-0 in pre season, people are feeling pretty good about that in Charm City!!
THINK THIN bars are Cartesian.
it was so nice to meet and sip with you! Looking forward to rocking out at wine riot!
Going to Carmelo's for lunch with the family. The Yelp reviews are making me a little uneasy though :/
confusing! but i fixed the tweet ;) thanks!
I've seen a lot of butts but am loving yours! coz you got that kinda butt from up above!!!
Only 1,976 more weeks until retirement!
W.wsmnradio.com today 11am. We are talking probiotics with Matt Wood of Kansas city based SCD Probiotics. Radio Green Talk.
Perk of being an underemployed freelancer? I can go on a hike today, and do my work at night! :) Cheers to the sun.
#mpb2b Great point about the time involved to nurture an active B2B web community:Anyone have example of how to justify the time/cost?
What are your favorite hot air balloons this year?
Your Welcome And Thanks
Of course! I honestly don't know how I wasn't following you already. :)
Just occurred to me: I wonder how many followers think my avatar is computer generated.
Black Forest Remodel & Tile "Increasing Your Quality of Life" Portland's Remodeling Expert
I wonder if dropped out of Avon again?
That's fantastic! RT Hazewalker: 9 days and no wheat, loss 3 pounds as a bonus.
So were A LOT of teams today!!!
Fucking kyle all you do is..be yourself.
don't go anywhere. You are almost my favorite, you know, after mark...
Good morning!
Thank you, Brother.
thanks! Good to see you too!
ice skating, time to look like an idiot with my friends! :D
Que? Has your account been hacked?
Being a lax bro >>>
Leapfrog Explorer Recharger Model 39050 Retail 3999 - leapfrog explorer
tonight was just a joke.. I was so mad when I got off that stage..
that could have been a lifestyle reference
And our clients have run the gamut as well. So, the bulk of it is based on direct experience. +
for real? take a picture gorl c:
Does your garage or basement need a clutter master to take charge? Call BCI to the rescue. We have just what the doctor ordered.
Police say Samantha Koenig first person in Anchorage to be abducted by stranger since Joshua Wade kidnapped Mindy Schloss in 2007
You got that body
will announce soon just about to sign lease. You will be the first to know when I announce on twitter.Near Fanueil hall
your hair looks soo good(:
Its rough. I think you just upload the info and it compiles it. The main thing is targeting the type of fest you want to get in to.
Im good. I like to see u grindin 1st thing in the morn. Howd it go?
What is 's number!
I can already tell hoe this day is going to go. It just better not be like last Friday..
I'm at a payphone trying to call home.
being the guy that is good at excel has to be the worst...
Lol ok ok i was just kidding. im a fan. i dident
You got arrested for breaking the law?! No way. That never happens.
haha, what time is it with u
Just had one of if not THE most amazing sandwich! The over the top meatloaf sandwich! So good!
Got rid of Jerry Angelo. Good start, Bears. Let's be smart and not hire from within…or let the Bears brass do the hiring at all.
yea I feel that! I hear Gorgui Dieng is coming out with r&b album!! Should b a good 1!!
Arik Cannon pins Erick Stevens with a sunset flip.
No Aubrey was on Danity Kane, another Diddy girl group. Dream was years before Danity Kane.
going to bed
Awesome! Thank you!
Anyone up to see at Chop Suey 10pm tonight? She's awesome. But I need rally assistance.
Low Price Large Cast Iron Tetsubin Teapot Warmer Arr Black- teapot warmer
It was great to meet you and try your Rooibos Chai at the Fancy Food show. Fair Trade Organic #ForTheWin!
Hahahaha everyone is freaking out cause the Internet is down
Visitors can expect to see Chowder and Clementine teach their offspring to swim, play, forage for food, and catch fish.
Today I feel like a tampon. In a good place... at the wrong time.
I'm taking Dr. Dozier's course this semester. Great teacher and advocate for the profession.
Is Heyman gonna be on Raw?
LOVE YOU! RT:: Missing No goodbyes. Just see ya real soon. Break a leg in NYC. Xoxoxoxoxox
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it. – Suzanne Weyn ~
Technical Communication author Paul Anderson will speak @ 4:45PM session on collaboratively communicating via international gateways
Have you thought about selling your new iOS courses to other training providers? Can't swing the travel to take your class ;)
Dude! You are working pro bono. No need to rush. Just keeping you in the know Many thanks my friend!
Clap clap lol RT : ROund of applause baby make that ass clap
Gators make the tournament EASILY as a 10 seed! So much bubble talk seems strange with this seeding
... I can't mess with my hair.. Sad huh?
Dear last night, Thank you. And I already miss you. Love, Kevin Ps. See you again tomorrow!
discovering www.google.co.uk is not YET blocked by district for image searches
RT : Crain’s Chicago editor to write column beginning in 2012: Joseph B. Cahill, editor of Crain’s Chicago Business s......
Come see us at We are relaunching a Virginia winery and thus have a bit of a different story to tell.
so mean! Hey let me come to the childish gambino concert with you guys.! Hahah
you're right. I'll let this one slide
*-But I never told you What I should have said No, I never told you I just held it in-*
you need a profile descrip. :)
so glad jeremy got to meet CL I think that will help mucho!
CPD not the problem kid..JPMorgan the f-ing problem...
R, elected in 2010. I met him a few times
Stretch killed it with Rhymecal tonight.A beautiful example of hip hop evolution. And what one can do with the power of word And challenges
haha nice to see you here too! wait what time is it there?
Let power drive your profession.
Monica's prayer request from her slum home in Marurui. ”Please praise God, he has brought you here ,he has answered my prayer.”
The worst part is I understand #CrazyBill... He's not too many stepping stones ahead of me on the path to the rainbow toadstool.
We going be up there
Okay everyone, Geek Fight Kickstarter 2.0 goes live tomorrow!
I ain't scared of the fall, I've felt the ground before...
finally I have a hero . Jeff Burton
Yes - please email the GM Nick at with details and what you're looking for
its all good to wanna work out for your new year's resolution, but don't take it too far...baby needs back;)
hey are you covering LAAPFF?
Ew the bread factory never fails to play the most depressing songs that exist... It's like they want me to hate this stupid salad...
I'd be tearin their asses up right about now.
actual exchange: Q: favorite runner? Me: Julie "da bomb" Culley. glad you're representing the great state of NJ next wknd:)
hahahaahaha you shoulda gone on this bus with me, im so bored!
will u do the all star show if asked?
What industry should I be looking to purchase stock in, biomedical or technology?
Yy boy just asked me if I ever seen a Buff skinny nigga???...Wtf is buff Skinny nigga?..lol..
Damn it
Fun times at the giants game. On the train.. Finally headed back home!
RT : Thank you for all your hard work. You are doing a great job.
Apparently they don't like my shirt... But I have tickets to the center court. So F@#%* yall.... Yea you let a #Sooner in
#WhyDoPeopleDoThis talk shit, like it's going to make you look better?
I no and it's been raining all weekend
Make sure you follow and search the internet for his work he is a class act you will love him just like i do . Thanks
Thanks for supporting the arts with all of the re-tweets!
I really wanna be on SNL sometime in the future.
You should have a concert in Miami boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My catholic high school just sent me an email for my birthday and called February, my "feast month." that means I eat everything in sight.
when people say to stop trying God says keep going move on have faith! dont let anyone bring u down. NeverSayNever right? :)<3
I haven't changed my BG in like two years. Because what it says hasnt changed and never will. I'll always be proud to support
I will not bash Luke Walton. Smart player, better than people remember before his body betrayed him. He'll make a good coach one day.
David Crowder Band – Give Us Rest or (A Requiem Mass In C [The Happiest of All Keys] --- Most. Awesome. Album. Ever.
Is everybody still "riding around with that Nina?"..I'll wait.
So far I think this is my favorite part of the #Grammys Loving Katy Perry
I wanna dance in the rain.
rain delay top of 4th
MEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEMEME. Id do anything.
Lol, we try! Thanks for the shout out!
How about an Android app that reminds you to take a picture of something every day and constructs a time lapse video for you?
Keep me posted on the schedule....would love to help promote Dogwood Dell!
You're famous.
There was a female zombie with a hot body breaking through the fence in the beginning. First one yet
sorry for the confusion. the webinar will start at 11am PT.
I accidentally addressed a guy named Mike as "Eric" in an eHarmony email. So, yeah, I don't think he is interested any longer.
as soon as their done, I will put out the link.
Just for you Fiber makes me sad
Got to book early! RT : Waitlisting for a room for #Balticon. Curse you lovely popular con!!
Re-posting a lot of Stevie Wonder mixes tomorrow. I may throw in some personal ish I've included in a few jazz mixes too.
On my way!
Rachel's probably gonna be there :)
I've been craving some Dunkin Donuts lately. Gonna make my tummy happy & go for a munchkins run.
Not at all it is because they continue to make mistakes: going for 2 at wrong times, bad challanges, clock management, etc.
I really do. You guys did a great job on the book. When I finish I write a glowing review.
Got my Monday Superman shirt on. Lots of stuff to do today. Pool work out, fix a shelf that committed suicide over the weekend;) Busy, busy!
maybe >.> I don't need that much attention as long as you're listening to me and/or checking me out at all times. That's it
haha. Tequila, margarita mix and kombucha.
Here's to you, guy that takes the last cup of coffee and doesn't start another pot.
Setting some new goals – just achieved another one!
Morning Shame(In My DaWayne Voice)
Need that new single
follow back, and I love it how guys support justin!
Wishes the week would go by as fast as the weekend.
Anyone here can help me followed by austin? :( pls
just watched Obama's Correspondant's dinner speech! #hilarous i <# obama!
Thanks for the S/O!
But my birthday is in 3 weeks from today.
Oh boy it's not even funny how hungry I am
what are you doing up so late girl:) Ranger win got you all amped still??
it's gone rain... and when it rain, it's gone rain hard as fuck!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><U+2614>
Congratulations 2012 SKINS Writers.1st workshop is tomorrow! thanks to the supporters
IT'S ALL ABOUT YOU! Don't look for the good in "Life's Downs" MAKE THEM INTO SOMETHING!
You could wear your birthday suit
nope, unfortunately I don't know ! I work at the art college, MICA. But we are both in Baltimore!
Some Amazon parrots are cuddlier than others. Most of it depends on how they are raised as a baby and how they've been treated since...
": 18 away from 50,000 followers!!! I am humbled! Thank u all!!! #HardBodyRefs" lemme help you out a bit buddy!
the 15th of January will be my birthday, and I only want you to follow me :)
Oh my goodness. I approve of this, quite a bit!! <3
End of season lines are hilarious.
RT U R not democratic U C this?
WOW David Axelrod told in a interview that "It's COOL to be an Obama supporter" oh ya he is right!!!!!
“This place won't be here tomorrow, so let's tear it down tonight.” - Billy Gibbons
Shut the fuck up damn always hating on Lebron James SMH
I hate Man U. I hate seeing Man u fans at American Soccer Games
" Well, not to sound conceited or nothing but I'm the sh*t. Dig this...You're a dime, but you're a dime a dozen."
I'm looking for articles on memory and narrative construction of video games. any suggestions?
That didn't go well....
Faculty @ 5: The Great American Songbook Jan 25 5pm. Free. Jonsson Performance Hall. Join us for a free, informal presentation series...
The dirty looks, the jealous stares. The best part is, you think I care. Roll your eyes and talk your shit. Jealous bitches make me sick.
don't shop on black friday... you're making retail workers miserable. #occupydenver instead
I love Law & Order
Thought I was done interviewing people yesterday but 7 new resumes in my email when I woke up lol.
I'm a taso a totally awesome sweet object why 1.cause I'm awesome 2.cause I'm nice 3.because I I'm a hiding ninja that stands like a lamp
I don't do yoga but shout out to the dude who was trying to suck his own dick and invented it.
Gonna be exhausted tomorrow but I will not rest til I see who wins ! Haha also excited, plays "Boyfriend" live!
SECCA is having a drawing for a free iPad during the opening of Out of Fashion on Nov. 3. Drawing sponsored in part by ComputerTree.
#20ThingsAboutMe i love to help people
Hey, thanks! Might have to steal the "beeriodical" term. RT your beeriodical is looking good!
Thanks! It was nice to see after a few days of being overcast.
#FF coming up. Going to try to mention everyone who is helping spread the news on #GOA2011 & #FESPAAmericas. Hoping I don't forget anyone :)
If you want truly to understand something, try to change it.
Do you have a "Teddy Bear" story to share? Love to hear from you.
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app, & cookbook ever!!
Those who earned worked hard, those who deserved bitched a lot
Badgers 8-17 from the line
New Blog Post!!! Back in the Day Bakery Savannah, GA. Delicious Sweets Galore!
?OTD - What are you doing to fulfill your destiny?
#toddlersandtiaras scares the shit out of me.
yeah - sorry about that. should've given you a head's up. :) cc:
do i know you ?
But I ain't Santa I got something for these bad bitches too
All i hve is me myself & I & I am perfectly happii with tha...
I have been reading the second hunger games book like all day haha I can't stop
Sluts keep saying "I want a real man, " well respect yourself a little more and maybe you will find him. A real man needs a real woman.
what and awesome Saturday full of beautiful cakes for out customers!! Yaayy Enjoy everyone!!!!
... EAT, DRINK, BE ON TV. Fukuburger truck at Frankie's Tiki Room TONIGHT 7pm - late
I actually didn't and I regret it.
I would get an ikeep for it
I think i'm actually ready to be done... 4REAL this time.
so everyone in my house is getting sick, vomiting sick
sure is. can't i just put "i'm awesome." and leave it at that??
Two hours watching hilarious TV shows here in my house! I think my box of laughter crashed out. Will spend one hour!
now if I was just dating, it would be different
Sounds great! Maybe can do some PR. RT : Thank you #MKTG118 for all the tweet love!! You got it! We'll be there!
I get deep in that pussy dig her out, surgery
Need a #hair and #makeupartist for a music video shoot in #Bellingham at the end of the month! This one might be paid by the talent.
Dinner with all the Seeds in Austin TX looking forward to great angel investing panels tomorrow
What about "Twilight?"
addictions - txt/phone solution 2 = explain to child how one addictive behavior like sugar can lead to others, drugs, gambling, sex, money
Looking back on it now, spring break was probably the best week of my life
My dreams included shopping for a motorcycle. dirtbike/street conversion. I was really excited about it.
attempting to run a social media contest today is quite frustrating!
If I hadn't been admitted to hospital yesterday for exhaustion I'd be out fighting crime again tonight. Alas, it's a crepe not cape tonight
Posting this makes you an open minded scientist. We must always challenge our beliefs to get to the truth.
I have forgotten my log in information, and can't sign in
Clifford Joseph Harris, Jr where the FUCK does he get or TI from?!?!
We would never do that! :)
the nature a la carte pic!
never that! You should be down on campus
cant wait till mandii's sweet 16 on friday!! :)
please mary help me behave today in a way today that honors you in all my thoughts and action.
gtg peace out <U+E011>
wind gusts increasingly extremely strong, large trees swaying, air filled with green leaves off trees; rain mostly heavy.
The final special performance by du Soleil starts at 16:45 - did we mention that it's happy hour too :) #drupa hall 8b
Those Irish dancing wigs are something!
Today InTrade has Obama's chances to be reelected at 59.6% and the chances of the Individual Mandate being ruled unconstitutional at 57.8%
I'm up too early this morning.
Stop reading this and go have some sex.
"You think we smoked enough?" / "Probability."
for real we about to step out the door I will be at ur casa in a few min
Oh that's great! What's planted?
that you would ;), you'd also be glad you came
talk about fall off the face of the earth, someone must not be adjusting to summer school well
I know how to admit I'm wrong and apologize
I can trump that! Folks at one book club for The Raven's Gift ate a "baby dessert." Cherry pie filling, naturally!
Who has time to watch (care about) regular season games? Not me! Come October... go #Braves!
Might have pushed myself a little too hard riding in today... feel a little bit woozy. Need more water. Meeting in a half an hour.
Broadcasting Game 2 Suffolk County Hockey Playoffs on MSG VARSITY Tonight!!!!
Aww, that's so great that the family got their records back.
Lol. You should do it! I was afraid to do it, but I did it & ended up on his show! I think you should try! (:
Oh and now I'm watching the season finale of Criminal Minds. Why are all of my shows ending?!
Heading back to Boston in a week to get moved into the apartment :) an 18-hour drive is gonna be a LONG one...
jasmine u dnt no where i live
contact Stacy at RT rather than voting can we donate directly?
Rowing: Ten years later, Trevians rowing merrily along
26 days until
Anecdotes don't make good stories.
": Y u lie?"why u cheat
Douglass Gibran (Director, Writer, & Producer). Follow me on twitter
Lee just transformed me into a pile o rubber 1st work out I hope I can move later!
Hey Justin... how can we get some MLive coverage for a Dodgeball Tournament in Detroit with 60 teams from all over the state
Just remember you don't have to be what they want you to be. M Ali. Sometimes you have to change a job or move to be the new you. Worth it.
The Orange & White Game is today! Who all is going? Which players are you most excited about watching? Tweet us!
Youd be amazed by what I consider my most memorable moments.
Another miss. RT “: #Grammys left Cesaria Evora off the memorial. #FAIL Shame on you.” | Sure did
by we you mean mainly carl crawford, right? The only one 0 for 6 at the end of the night
I've called and emailed about 40 times. No response. Not exactly a great corporate image. I'm now "tweeting" my request.
Are your #Avengers vs. Dark Knight comparisons adjusted for Avengers inflated 3-D prices?
I don't think the #etextbook revolution will really take off until the books are more than just PDFs & prices come down
I would have thought they'd pump more collagen into the handles of that one.
Really enjoying the color theory / hot neutral anchor talk from
hahaha! Idk make sure if he does to put it in YOUR savings account.
if I were you I'd give it up and take up something else haha there's nothing to look forward to
Facebook will not allow me to have more than 1,800 friends....add this page
Attending Global Sales Mtg to get the latest in #elearning and #talent management
"Data visualization" has C-suite support : They offer free training to managers on how to effectively present & communicate it.
why don't you care about your best friend?? He's crying his eyes out right now..you should give him a call<3
#IAlwaysWonderIf Youu Do The Things Youu Do On Purposee Just To Make Me Jealous ?
Blazers tanking the season intentionally? We're way to talented to be this bad every night...
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 74% SHORT
I needed to get it together. Fashion is all around me. It's like being in a candy store!!
Looking at the forecast next week, YUK! Looks like no Turkey Bowl!
I wouldn't mind so much if the services worked. My email alone has went out once every few days for months.
Yeah, after that shot, I'd say Bradley's confidence is high.
This debate is so relaxed, it seems that the republicans have already won. The republicans have to build a team to win soon
My mom liked her birthday present!!! :D
welp.. not doing anything this weekend!
the AVN Awards were on and I missed them? sigh.
2 weeks till the World Cup starts. I'm so bummed I wasn't able to make the trip.
u guys r the best show I have ever watched plz come to Rochester new York so I can watch your show
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
getting ready for commercial audition tomorrow
Today is stress free day. make the best of it.
The sky looks like a storm is brewing! #yippeemorerain:-(
been there done that
I guess it's "In Holmgren and Heckert we trust". I would have liked an impact WR, but that's why they get paid the big bucks.
where would the world be with out an emotion like #LOVE?
yes ma'am
I've got couture
We C alot of homes where the CO detector is in the furnace room. It needs to be close to your bedrm so it wakes u up in a CO induced state.
What I get from church is motivation. My dad gave me your 'Keep Reaching' sermon years ago. It moves me every time I listen.
Just went for my second run this week. Maybe after 8 years of trying I will finally enjoy it.
Oh...my... It's a good thing the ladies like the double As? ;)
Watching Criminal Minds with Viggle Wed | 20 | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
drunks RT : Ever fallen asleep on the toilet? Who does this?
um, did you see that ravens game? um, they need a new offense for next week. um, i have no idea what i am talking about.
I would beg to differ enter many of the charters in cleveland and they are blowing districts schools out of the water
yes! Approved with the logo on back instead of text.
“ Red Sox may still want more in Theo Epstein compensation talks. Also, may ask Yankees to add to Babe Ruth compensation.”
Brunch today! Don't forget we will be closed Sunday & Monday for Labor Day.
Have you signed up for yet? If you're running Android or iOS sign up now for free to start earning your rewards!
Random mentions in this panel: Cameltoe, donkey, sorcerer's apprentice, and dictators.
FAN--> RT : Wife of brutal Syrian dictator revealed 2 b focused on buyg jewels while Syrians suffer. How does Vogue feel now?
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada .....
Fundraising & marketing for a nonprofit are tied together. Both should know how to think giving AND PR, trust, transparency, social media.
it was actually our close friend's son....seems we have to go every year.....thank you tho...
Judging by my sunburn/tan, summer is here!
Wtf the Lakers getting they ass beat bad..
Napoleon Dynamite is so dumb..
Where are you located, good sir? Would love for you to try our CAPT
M...(; Looks a lot like AustinMahone xD
Also, I'd like to throw an "I told you so" your way. All year I've been telling you Cundiff is awful and you defended him.
Just needs documenting and prettying up. Not many others utilize JRun metrics. But this cross references critical server events
Honestly just wanna blow money on clothes, sneakers, & fitteds. nothing better than looking
Tired dog, tired owner, happy to be home.
It’s not your job to like me, it’s mine. – Byron Katie.
I'm very nervous..like I'm excited but I just enter wnna get homesick
#vra2012 Great job VRA Board members, Rob, Billy, Brian and Maureen! You will be missed.
They say that if you dream about someone, then they are thinking about you. God, what I would give for that to be true rip brian cohan imu
New MW3 Elite maps now available. yay!
lol, boo i dont give two hot ass Fridays about your feelings
Armored knights raised their visors to identify themselves when they rode past their king. This custom has become the modern military salute
count us in
Maybe...we need them in DC to do something...
St. Xavier strands a runner on 3rd, and after 4.5 innings Eastern maintains 8-6 lead. Lefty Britt back to mound for Tigers in B5.
if Romney really wanted to fix the economy. He wouldn't have so many damm kids
Thanks for the info!! First match at 830 pm est I believe.
History repeating itself is usally never a good thing.
yes I was! I was tweeting and I'll have a new blog post up tonight! I was there with
R.I.P. Steve Reuther - your talent will be missed.
i hope that you know it , you are growing and for us is very emocional , and will never leave you ! we loveU12
Can't wait to sing my new original song this weekend!
you weren't playing when you said you make beautiful things fight eachother
When they say stop.. Why do I want to keep on going ??
Thank you! Happy Thursday!
I see this.
Saw a license plate on an interstate over the weekend that read "Gay Dar"
Contest will run all day, winner announced Friday morning: 1. What are three things that draw you to our fun and exciting Chic-I-Boom Ball?
so so much fun!!! And I got home safe.. Kinda haha
Cannot wait to get a manicure after work.
(con't 2) Or "Tomorrow you will meet a serial killer, but you will never know who it was."
I DON'T WANNA LOSE YOU TONIGHT
Good luck to my Puerto Rico representer in his fight tomorrow. LATINO STAND UP MAYNE
Sure, I already followed (:
Walk like warriors, we were never told to run.
Loved your Nightwoods review. "...low-level fever that runs alternately warm and chilling" captures it exactly.
#ThisSummerImTryna go to L.A. And party party party !!!
I think the tecate light commercials are funny when its half the price of shitty beer. Must not be as good as they say
This cat is JAMMING!
Thanks for sharing!
How long before unlv guards begin to attack the freakin basket, settling for outside and out of control shots
you have a spare half hour this week? Love to take you up on your offer to sit down and chat about
Sleepy dab
Wow... that's the Ducks attack we know and watched fly to the National Championship game. 20-0. LaMichael to the house.
12 hours of sleep
Im bouta curse this bih out sendin me this long ass chain text message.. Nobody send that shxt no more lol
"How To Avoid Dating A Jerk" workshop this saturday, must be at least 18, $10 includes lunch - some seats, 412-829-0100
SHE'S SO CUTE
string quartet at the women's club
Someone make me foods!
Now she's staring at me. Uh oh.
Nothing bored af Sitting here Debating on What Niggas bout to Eat lol
"If Britney Spears can get thru 2007....YOU can get thru today."
Every time!
LOL I HAD TO RE RELEASE IT AGAIN
Betrayal is the only truth that sticks. ~ Arthur Miller
he don't do that. He's been up sinc 7 wit only a hour nap at 11 he jis cries an you can tell he's sleepy.
I dont salute you niggas who knock chicks up because you don't want nobody else to knock
I'm a "politico" this week... joining my dad for a meeting with House of Reps Majority Leader Eric Cantor.
Don't let the terrorists win!!
Eating burnt toast
LMBO!!!!!!!!!! (i know why) RT : My daughter just walked by me watching Celts-Sixers and asked, "why do u have it on mute?"
Great read as BlueRock begins our redesign.
The brand NEW episode of iNickelodeonShow will be on April 21th,after iCarly! It`s called 'iCarly' and it`s so exciting & funny!
Still in school....
how does anyone look at Calipari and respect a guy who cheats to get it done?.Hard to respect the guy and laud him for accomplishments
Fill in the blank Friday! If I could go anywhere in my Mercedes-Benz, I would go to ___________.
It gonna be alone
SAME HERE.
says educate staff about what's ok, make sure you listen & have a response plan for social media flare-ups.
RT : Skype is the gmail of native apps -- giant, poorly done UI overhauls thrown out randomly for no apparent reason
yeah dude same one
sounds good! In a minute
I'll try! You too.
Why do students keep addressing me in email as Mrs.? Whatever happened to using Ms.?
just brought vitamin c & tea home for me cuz im sick.
Yum. Definitely borrowing your grilled okra recipe! Just moved to land of much okra. . .
hey i am the hugest fan of you, no lie. it would mean the world to me if you followed me back. also go hunger games! =)
Yea, everything!
Not sure if people are unfollowing me or all the spam accounts are being shut down
thanks sweetheart
Not often, but every time I do have to fax something it costs me $10!!!
Her face is like the best.
: is there a system problem today? Unable to add any sections to a new proposal.
Hey David, thanks for the follow - try drinking more coffee for weight loss! ;-) Take care!
and u totally expected mj to pass to jud b
No hate just askin!
you still young john koe, you don't know nothing bout that ! lol !
shopping online for Murphy's Oil Soap
About to book a business class award itinerary to Bangkok on Thai Airways and Singapore Airlines. Yes please.
I got bored and I made a second twitter account. Lol :)
idk i was asking u if she does
Same shit different day out here trying to get it each an every way ! I am A " HOOD GENERAL "
Belkin TuneCast Auto Live FM Transmitter for iPod for $18 + $2 s&h ...
what happened last night?
If we hold onto sadness and its poignant, nostalgic ache, we can't let go - and we can't begin to truly live again. Yes, let go and let God.
omg i just got the best newS
Done brewing the porter! Cleaning up and ready to BBQ! Come on by! 1742 n Rockwell.
At Tyson's mall!
Great beginning to the new season of "Survivor"!
Awesome French Toast muffins #Grandparentsday bfast nicely done
Thanks for the Mentions!
What would you put at the top of your list of must-do/must-visit sites in California?
Interpol was better than I'd remembered. But to be fair, I don't think they played a thing off of their last.
isnt gonna follow me today, i just know it. ive tried for over 2 years now :(
It was great seeing you again yesterday. Thanks for the opportunity to present to you & your colleagues at Good debate.
they caught the mets virus!
Very cool! I love it when I spot fledgling librarians in the making. P.S. Hope journey back to the west coast was aok.
I'm so jealous! You guys are practically BFFs now.
Ill be towing two Israeli cousins.
stay on before the screen to write codes! All things are apps! lol
I've decided that for 2012, #pickles are the new
": I want a pet :'( #ForeverAlone" I feel you, 100% --___-
What was amar'e thinking
my girlfriend is cheating on me with a fighter, I bet I could whip his ass
We'll be on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up to ride to the coast in support of Lung Association
it"s lightning. it isnt just traffic cameras. it's really a lightning storm. be still...
The world: "Boo-friggin-hoo, Simmons. Get over it. No one liked that ill-conceived, poorly executed sham."
"If this town is just an apple... Then let me take a bite" -M. Jackson <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E> Hello New York!!!!
You've seen the Avengers 4 times?
Its not that many people tweeting. I keep seein tha same names on my TL. Maybe I need more #follows/followers
Whiskey Wednesday,s at MotherLoaded Tavern tonight!! I start spinnin music around 9pm! Hope to see u!
I can't respect someone who judges people off of what their friends say.
Follow back please? :)
Just learned that an Othello AI that beat the world champion in 1980 was called "The Moor" :D awesome #Shakespear reference.
just went to Northeast to support Congressman Kratovil and has lost a lot of faith in humanity.
yeah, but you were FIRST.
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
or, better yet, help build the research tool
Said fuck dapping RT : lol @ OJ Mayo at the end of the game. Dude mad.
Happy Leap Day Year!
Guys that talk shit after you dump them<<<
hey I just met you! And this is crazy! But here's my number so call me maybe? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Christmas is a time when you get homesick - even when you're home. ~ Carol Nelson
seriously tho, I feel like i can relate sometimes haha
the past may be gone forever,& whatever the future holds, our todays make the memories of tomorrow..
you're right
RT "Faith is daring the soul to go beyond what the eyes can see." - William Clark
Yes!! I'm SO excited!! :) We'll figure out a way to cram all 3 of us in this tiny room ;)
ha, one of those day, huh? i hear you!
I think the second one is super cute :)
Yup he's the one in my picture with me (:
HA me too girl, don't wanna get on my bad side. i have another story for you :)
thank you very much. Come thru again
#RainCamp at Gallaudet University in Washington, DC. It's a pretty sunny day for a "Rain" Camp.
shit as long as you ain't in my presence
Our buddy is on the flipping cover of USA Today!
Just DM me your email and I'll send you some info. Thanks.
Que hambre! And I'm so lazy.
I really need someone to join me at Midlake concert at 9:30 club tonight. Rogue Wave opening.
Helen Hayes stamp to debut Monday at awards program named for the actress
I know right ! Have you even had a chance to recover at all this week ?
it was a very nice day today. Not the best facility when crowded like today though.
thanks for that weather retweet. for serious. It'll probably take me 2 hours to get home from work now.
A wee-bit excited that will be in LA this weekend :)
That image is wonderful. Looks like an extra from Field of Dreams.
Harden need to wreck that nigga..
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I have upgraded? I have not been able to get in
RT : I think i can safely throw out the bag of halloween candy now.
I am out by the pool!
Tuesday isn't exclusively New Pal night. I just wanted to host a few fans for my first game back after The Dunk.
I really hate cinch sacks.
Hey it's BK, Now that we know where Peyton Manning will play, do you think he will win another Super Bowl before retiring?
who would break up with Heather Graham? she's STILL beautiful
dan+savage
Oh dear. "Nation of Islam" is one thing... RT : heh got "the country of Islam" one time
My girlfriend is a very angry person 0_o
Oh my good lord. So, so good. You must come here.
Ocean Clinic March 27th.Call office to register 310.390.5700. 1st hour will be @ LMU pool then grab your wetsuit and drive down to the beach
At costco shopping and about to eat pizza:))
let it hurt, even more than i deserve. let it come down on mee. let it rain.
Falling asleep in class for a min feels like an hour
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 15
Fuck you, can I have this dance?
Out to eat wit my bestie!
Giant Love to for their awesome work in helping kids with cancer through Radiothon!!! :)
what do you like
Good luck tonight guys! Wish I could be there!!!
he's been tanning in the off season.
Nice binary between techno-optimism and deep fear at #TED - loving the conversation.
Soo im actually deleting my facebook AND twitter tomorrow :o not my tumblr though.. Time to focus on whats really important
33 mining vs bad aggressive Canadians for profit
Teaching how to use twitter, he's cracking me up cause he's mad he doesn't have a million followers already. :p
I'm trying, but woe is we who teach English Language Arts. Our students don't write a single word. Proficiency based on bubbles
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Find The Area Where God Is Showing Favor In Your Life;Place Your Attention In That Arena "
. and Tom Shepard must be just steamed about the SDUT calling their Prop D a pension tax.
Just arrived in Austin hopped into a cab with the saxophonist from Duzhekew and heading into the #SXSW madness..flightdelays
DailyHookahTip#59: Check out the new Freeze Hose They have a slot in the handle for a frozen water capsule, cooling the smoke.
Use the recorder feature to record and save important meetings
ActorStuff: Trust that it is okay to NOT act. Seriously. Trust.
Your Voice is Amazing! I watched your video on youtube. Amazing Talent! I am Fan! :)
I miss our trips, the job, the fun and the awesome times we all had together!
OK, so has some fontal issues (the lowercase "L" and the uppercase "i" look the same) So they are now
Danny's raking in the dough today!
Visit us today from 10 am - 5 pm at Morninglory in Murrysville for a Mother’s Day shopping treat: 4542 William Penn Hwy in Murrysville...
I swear I am going to start to #tweet again.Time to strap on the sneakers again. Its been a barren 2 months on #twitter for
BOOM let it out now!
Oh, hey Thursday? Where'd you creep in from? Time zips by when you're having fun!
OMG...her jury speech had me in tears. I wish her the best
Oh my god really bitch? Really? Not the time to piss me off
5 YO Sam: "Why do I have to take a bath? So flies don't fly around me?" Where did he hear that?
Did you know that February is American Heart Month? Take some time out to learn how you can show your heart some love!
Have you been inside? Would love to know your thoughts!
u promise who
Why do you think it was about you?
Thanks again and enjoy the muffins!
GET UP..NOW WYD
I can now say I've spent 36 hours of my life as a telemarketer. Awesome.
No way!!! RT : In the original version of Little Red Riding Hood, Little Red Riding Hood and the Wolf eat grandma together.
Me too! And then Hazza looks so damn cute in the backround too! :D <3 LLN
": since nothing in my life happens without Gods permission, what's needed for me to grow is located inside of every storm..."
not at all!! Let that fan flag fly! They're your team.
for those caught UNAWARES, my excitement over Diablo 3 reminded me of one of my favorite words (and that word is poopsock)
Sounds good to me!!! RT : 75 degrees at the brewery today. Kind of makes you want an ice cold Cream Ale.
My sister keeper <3
thanks for the RT, Kim:)
Which #MKE #restaurants have embraced #location-based #apps?
I wanna see Hickson & LMA on the court together.
#rufusking probably from MO Comp. notes 1820: "not seeking my own advantage, but that of the many – St Paul"
for future ref: tech colleges have laptops they bring out for events - northcentral tech college bought 12 computers today
Gerard Butler: Surfing Mishap Filming 'Of Men and Mavericks' - Just Jared
MIAMI HEAT TAKES GAME 1 WOO
hey at least now you have an excuse for them getting beat :).
isgiving a 20% discount to all veterans today!
thank you hope to meet you one day too.
The new move is calling for value OOP
Who do you have?
Remember when the Pit was considered deep out west, on way to Naples / Marco. Now its almost like going to Shorty's.
omg! Thanks for the follow! Means a lot! I would also love it if u could ask ur amazing wife to follow me as well!!
Interesting interview with Brad Smith, CEO #intuit "CEO venture fund" inside enterprise to give 90 more days to new products, win…
WMMA amateurs in IL/Midwest check out for possible fight opportunties.
What's up with the masn broadcast today? Didn't know I switched to directv and their awful broadcast?
First day at Newsies today! So excited to be apart of it all! :)
Check Out The Followers On This Page Bro
"living wage" . . . boy, that's specific . . . what parameters could you POSSIBLY throw on that one?
It costs a lot to sue a magazine, and it's too bad that we don't have a system where the losing team has to pay the winning team's lawyers.
The course also features business and energy lectures and field trips to the Electric Edison Institute and the Covanta Fairfax Power Plant.
I think it would do so well here. Maybe Georgetown?
Ditto. Namely #lust, #sloth, &
Oh my, two fancy dinner celebrations this week! Moto on Friday: Anniversary. Spiaggia tonight: Father-in-law's 100th paper got accepted!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe That Meeting New People Isnt As Bad As It Seemd
Cant wait new wheels!!
Seattle summer weather in NY all weekend. We did ALL the tourist stuff. Nobody told me this place was SO big.
"By the way, where IS Moosejaw? About 6 feet from the moose's butt!" I love Pat Foley as an announcer
I'm out for Scrabble *this* time, sorry to say. I will find a way to support you guys.
. Damn hippie.
i have your personal number lmfaoooo xD
That makes sense. I wasn't sure/gap in my knowledge. You should write a tome, or two, on the history of
about to teach social networking class
The next 5 ppl to meet us get free CD w/ticket purchase. Text/call 303-483-5208 or 720-938-1530 when you get to Park Meadows to meet up!
Quick poll for #Indy folks: Do you say cab or taxi?
I will never stop using the 'xD' face, makes me not feel awkward
I have the best cargo shorts to induce this shame spiral.
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked (Wednesday) will go on as scheduled. Parking on main campus, no shuttles.
our duo album is up next!
Walk Now For Autism Speaks.Chicago walk May 21,11.Its so hard to find people willing to give just$1.Door-door I collected $47
think he would miss you more. YOU CAN HAVE HIM.
RT : concert tonight with , and ! Don't miss out benefitting YOUNG LIFE 7:30pm in Eugene
The Mink downtown H-town the show is going down
T-Force spending time wth kids :)
Yo, what's up?! not too bad here, always the battle of trying to work projects while paying the bills....how's it there?
Glad to be on board!
Woo my bed is calling me!
He loves me
#RIP Elizabeth Taylor sorry to hear of death from heart failure. There are whole food nutrients that can heal heart failure
Toastmasters meeting next week on the 6th near Penn Station!! Looking forward to starting off a new year with power and conviction
76ers up by one with :20 sec to go! I love the
please don't do that. U r a Beautiful person. I would like for u to continue to follow. Be happy!
Happy birthday Jay z i love ur music and I'm a big fann and happy happy happy happy birthday too you
On a different note, I am happy to have the rain fall we have had here in Lubbock, TX over the last two days. It is a welcome sight becaus…
Appreciate the update and mention
loving my new (old) technics turntable. thanks for hooking it up !
well im in my bedroom lol
and STILL don't make as mych as I do at my one job lmao
I didn't tweet about my shattered right arm? No way. Rocked the art commission for $500 with one arm tied behind my back (so to speak)
Is it wrong that Pretty In Pink is on and i'm excited? Fuck it! "I am now...and will always be...a duck man."
It's our word of the month :) RT : Tonight's word is apparently Eye-Talian
Was a great night
Jan 31,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs. Youngstown State Penguins Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
RT : Hey homies. MKE Traffic and CHI Traffic apps for Android are in the works! We'll keep you posted on the release dates.
Ugh I don't get my phone until Friday.
Tabatas? Whoa, I just DuckDuckGo'd it. That looks intense!
turkey bird picture
Cat is afraid of new ceiling fan and won't come into the bedroom. Missing snuggly 4am cat purring :(
it's easy to stay up-to-date with a division foe when I follow
": Holy too much work to do! Only 9 days until the freaking Kentucky Derby boys and girls!" Why do you keep ignoring the fillies?
Rock on! We welcome back as a sponsor for the Spring 2012 season of ! Top scorers will win 2 tix each week!
High tops rule! And Velcro is cool! Merry Christmas peeps!
(: haha every time I eat ice cream I think of our conversation lol
All hyped up on iced coffee and pretzels....bookings and castings rolling in...crazy day!
Also, holy crap that last episode of #Korra had the best bending fights yet. Can't wait for next weeks.
Good morning and Happy Mother's Day to all the mom's out there!
We're both proud and grateful to have been named a Top Place to Work in DFW by The Dallas Morning News!
If you post anything about selling #twitter Followers I will #UNFOLLOW you very quickly.
Publishing books to change the way business is done. A focus on a revolutionary concept, people are important to business!
no modern today :'( hitting the gym instead.
To understand healthcare issues read TR Reid's book, The Healing of America. It's a great book that'ill open ur eyes if you open your mind.
RIP DJ Solomon Kahn.
thank you for sharing this post!!
You are very welcome. Let me know if you have any further questions.
Wishing Miss A Happy 30th Birthday!!
you are my favorite actor
God gave me style, and gave me grace. God put a smile upon my face.
Love the Chick-Fil-A shirt, lol. :)
Congrats giants! Great game down to the last play!!
DM me your number
I'm so excited!
You'll have to kick me off your damn lawn first.
My on line kids are awesome. RT : Have I mentioned that I am also very proud of my "online kids".
you sure about that Dave, cuz I'm starting to feel crazy...
Good morning!!
Ugh. You had to remind me didn't you? I really wish I could be there!
Gay struggle is not the same as black folks struggle. U not gay till u show it. U black when u walk in the door dumb ass fuckers
Umm could Minneapolis get any better. Walked in2 D'AMICO & they offer us 2 comp ticks 2alvin ailey dance across the street 2nite!
Welcome back to Twitter. I hope school and the VA are treating you well.
O, I want a juicer! Which one did you go with?
People are tweeting negatively about allstar at the show last night...and i need to know what's going on! I need answers people!
South Jordan Middle Class of '12 pictures today.
Yay! Tomorrow is finally the day! Going with my baby to the Britney Spears FemmeFatale show at the A in MIA! Can't wait!! :)
Congrats on your new baby boy. I've been a mommy about 5 months now. It's a great feeling. Best wishes to you both. (:
Cannot wait to get our mani pedi on tomorrow :D
Getting some good anecdotal feedback on the blended learning arrangement I have with my senior classes... ah, reflection.
1 1/2 hours on the phone with AT&T. Transferred 5 times. 20 minute wait each time. Each of them tried to sell me direct tv. Are they nuts?
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
Uh, we have mouse problems like crazy. Get a cat. They are awesome at getting them. Ours was a mouse hunting machine.
goo goo dolls and dave matthews band >>>>>>
So jealous of everyone at stockhouse right now. I need my license.
It works but a bit touchy. Advanced slides every time presenter said "what's the next step..."
Guess I'll go to the gym since sleep is not an option.
Get it :) lookin cute!
good one. :) hey, so how's Roger? Did you finally talk to him on atticus' phone?
I was thinking about you today. I hope all is well. (:
'Consequently fear of the present leads to mystification of the past.' -J.Berger
Doing well and yourself?
if we get something at this point its gon be some west side shit. idk if its gon be worth it to go down there then back here
Always need mo' NOHO!
never had a headache this bad in my life #inpain <<<
Hi my name is... And I like to spork. Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Ugh sorry for the spam. They really seem to want my twitter account.
Good Morning to all! Lord you are good and your mercies endure forever. I worship you because of who you are!
Don't forget... on tonight at 12:35pm.
I love you too Meli mel. You're truly one of a kind-I wouldnt trade U 4 the world Sis:)
if he does he will be just another player somewhere, if he stays he's a legend,the choice is his. No one bigger than the team
I want a #17 Knicks jersey.
its so hard to find a quality hearse...
Tatted up new haircut new hat new clothes other than my tat hurting like a motherfucker I can't really complain : )
So im sitting at tge bar in this thai restaurant and i feel like the bartender is really cool...but i have no idea what she's saying to me.
Okay well, ha hey.
I'm going to be in London for a month in July so I'm looking at what to watch that is exclusively BRITISH.
RT : This is the promo that aired during American Idol tonight. The full piece will be shown on......
Passport photo lady asked "Can you, um, push down your hair a LOT?"
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down - Arnold H. Glasow
Thanks! I'm reassembling it here in SF very shortly. Just re-arranging things for the sake of freshness.
Higher Education has to embrace the Internet, and all of it's new technologies, such as Facebook, MySpace, and Twitter.
but what's rickys though ?
Once You Show A MF That You DON'T Need Them Watch How They All Of A Sudden Be On Yo Ass ."
TOO MUCH CUTE FOR A WEDNESDAY MORNING. What a good song and vid and puppy.
thanks for the follow. We will hit you up soon! Peace.
Staycation starts today through next wednesday... going places is overrated!
you coming out this weekend Ms.Durant
Will be following Lobos basketball all season long. At home, on the road, struggles, success, tough nights, big wins. It all matters.
Thank you for the RT
Y’a-t-il un lien de streaming sur le web pour le #MWA5 ?
We're thrilled to welcome you as one of three 2012-13 Scholars' Lab Grad Fellows! (Formal announcement coming soon.)
Sven Bartschi....is really good at hockey. What a great goal. He is the best player on the ice at the Rose Garden. 1-0
Watching "Up W/Chris Hayes" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Go Newt.
seriously! thank you for saying, what I've been quietly thinking to myself for years now.
I don't really hate you, it's just that if you were on fire, I'd roast marshmallows.
New User Name: Perf.ArtsColl-UCLA,
lol don't be mean to yur baby girl now yur suppose to nod yes n agree to everything I say (:
Should I hit the buffet ?
OMFG just took 45 min to get 1 nip into my spanx! :(
Change Positions.
All these years I thought I didn't like chicken salad. Turns out I just don't like bad chicken salad. What else have I been missing?
Gilbert was recently honored as our Manager of the Year!
RT oprah's in the "michael jordan playing baseball" phase of her tv career.
Sleepless night again :(
Can anybody recommend a place/person that does microphone repair?
sorry,i just needed to get mad at someone and you were the closest to my Last Nerve.
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :))))XO
Thanks for the RT
Last episode of the Bad Girls Club is tonight. :(
Any chance you can follow back so we can DM? I definitely want to make sure this issue is taken care of.
CAUTION: Once you go burnt sienna you never go back.
Im smiling even doe IM HURTING....
I love lifetime
What a boring ass day...
RT : today and tomorrow and on wednesday is our incredible pizza field trip :)
haha oh. I see
Are you listening to late night dedications on 94.9 again?
ur a boy in disguise I'm sorry
What is wrong with people these days?! I mean come on! Grow up and stop acting like a baby! Be mature! It's not that hard!
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
i learned that a couple years ago it was called duct tape! i was so confused!
Asm Higher Ed Chair Marty Block addressing CSU Trustees on the importance of maintaining safe campus environments for learning.
"Now will I praise the LORD."~Genesis 29:35
We dont have a booth. We are just walking the show floor. Been here all week loving ctia!
Thanks for the follow :) Xx
Well this weekend isn't as exciting as last week, no #NE coming to town but I'll make due. lol
Oh, sorry, technically it was a *hologam*.
wo0t! app for my iPad 2 is up and running! Just needed new MyServices acct since i moved recently.
Suggestion – Fifth, Business contacts and audience looks in your eyes, the clearer your eyes the more attractive you will be perceived.
We're not 100% certain, but it appears as though Allure really does... call them... blowies . More » Post from: TheGloss
So glad as a teacher to have ONE more day of break! Good luck to my fellow educators who go back tmw!
i never argue, i just explain why im right.
...and my ipod got milk ALL over it and honey too but it still works. LOL and the funny thing is this girl told me her ipod broke from......
2) Harry taught me to do whatever makes me happy… no matter what people think.
followed follow back?
I'm going to be on Coast to Coast AM tomorrow nite! To talk on my book Jesus Is No Joke
Tryin 2 fig out how to keep pushing writing career while working 2 reg jobs...help!
So extra blonde today.
is floored by how low some people can fall. i didnt think my opinion could be so small of anybody
Note: the fourth dimension is not something beyond our level of existence. It is TIME. As far as I know we're all in it.
The bigger the bill, the harder you ball.
You obviously did, boo.
thanks for the mention...have a great week...!!
Nice shot!
'Let's just do garbage before he cuts our testicles off.'
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo OMB im so excited!We're gona rock the world with SWAGGIE
Thanks for following! I've followed back!
The fact that you don't consider me trying to help<< fuck your problems. Im done
My backyard smells like funnel cakes and BBQ. There might be a faint smell of stale beer also. Ah is only once a year!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo braid my hair
The fallout shelter is lookibg good right niw...
RT : Hm. I'm 8 books behind on my 2011 reading challenge. Need some great books under 200 pages. Suggestions welcome! Pls RT?
Meh, even as bad as the Rockies are they'll represent in Camden Yards.
Not a great way to start the day, but I'm gonna curl up on my studio floor and go back to sleep. A working nap.
Concept of a child soldier is upsetting when I think of my boys.
Having a blast up here at world of beer
Sorry for Party Rocking in NYC with
not If you're Jesus.
Yeah I usually don't like movies about making movies but I dug it.
4 of the 6 largest US Banks use for cloud identity management. Come find out why at #RSAC booth 2751.
You're on.
Just woke up and you tweeted ! Haha it was meant to be ;D
Why have I never heard the song "Take My Hand" by The Cab feat. before now?
On another note..."Lotus Flower Bomb" is one hot track.
Ah the awkwardness of introducing your lifelong friends to your current friends.
So tired of all my music.
Are you going to the game friday?
Wait until you have a kid. Puts like 10 years on you in that first year. Haha
Let's run some numbers on the probability of that, shall we?
my 5 year old niece is making fun of me. what in the world?
no kidding! Who do you think will go home?
I got a job interview request. The company had the word 'promotions' in it. I didn't respond.
Venus and Mars.
lol we are trending a bunch of #pornstars lol #IfOnly everyone knew the real meaning of #squirting!
haha ya. We just finished the episode on Leo Divinci recently. That's some WILD stuff.
That is pretty much typical of every book made into a movie. maybe if you read more books you would know that
Tea Party has highlighted gap between govmt workers & private sector workers pay - Grover Norquist.
where is it
Thirty minutes at the gym..........check that off my list :-)
need to work with asap
so many jokes about killing kittens ("bullet points kill kittens") and mentions of drupal (even though mostly to note how useless it is).
A great tasting orange can lift me out of the worse moods. I need to carry one with me everywhere I go.
Tuned into Determined to get those tickets!!!
Oh I know right...I ran 6 miles yesterday, and I'm feeling it this morning...
What's that you say? A 7/8 time signature? Just wait 'til you hear this one...
Haha, of course I miss it! That's why I save up ALL my vacation yearly and take it all at once in the summer to go there!
My head scarf falls off every night, I dont know why I even bother to put it on at night....smh
Just realized I have to put my clothes in the dryer. Fml. Lol
click the back button on the top left hand corner
tell your producer that the story on China that is playing now their microphone has been left ON as it plays. Can hear convo!!!
Pure genius RT : Maybe a tattoo on your butt check saying "Ryan Braun was here."
sounds perfect
Yes! I will head up the campaign.
A poor man cant afford to be lazy
Shanks friend!
I know I am n ohkay
all the wonderful stuff is about you, you should know that by now. Can't see my tweets so don't know what you r referring to
There's nothing wrong with being that person who stands out. Everyone is not meant to "fit in" ...
George Burns Youve got to be honest. if you can fake that, youve got it made.
I don't really get on twitter, i'm always on instagram.
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
What a dirtbag:P
apples, candy and chips. I pretty much like any thing. What about you?
Aren't you tired of society ?! Lol
Barry Sanders RT Who was the player, game or moment that made you fall in love with the NFL?
Happy Mommy's Day to all you Mamas. Hope you have a wonderful day...
okay... go and change you'll meet me in the car
Can I get one of those shirts in Skittles/Seahawk green?
My 3 year old son yawns and says "I think my mouth did something sleepy"
ENDLESS CAVE OF REVERB & DELAY
That is a true mystery!
I'm looking for a few good friends to ride motorcycles with. I've got a 2007 Harley Fat Boy
A collection of rare thoughts is nothing less than a cabinet of intellectual gems. William B. Sprague
I am so depressed over Bin Laden, what could I do to get over this sick feeling motherfuckers cock suckers
be classy...no whining
I love when people tweet me about how they like my tweets it makes my day :)
agree with you completely about problems of gallup poll. It does a better than before by acknowledging racial differences
yeah-I do notice that and think weather manipulation! Your thoughts on possible viral particulates?
can say what he wants,Durant is shying away due to the physical game,Westbrook is relishing it
Here's something special 4 all you Sonic ice cream lovers. For the next month all Sonic Milk Shakes are 1/2 price after 8PM everyday!
Fresh friday.
#Gemini season in 3 weeks.....the best sign!!! I mean it's 2 of us so why not!
you are the fakest person I know, I can't believe I wasted my time with you #fucku think again about that”
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AUSTIN. YOU WONT SEE THIS COS YOUR BDAY IS SUCH A BIG DEAL THAT EVERYONE'S TWEETING BUT AYYAYAYAYAYAYAYYAYA!
Those who dance are considered insane by those who cannot hear the music.
I'm staying home to watch it!
Only God can judge me
We're gonna hook 5 of you football/film fans up with REAL STEEL on Blu-Ray (Football. Robots. Football robots. Get it?). Just tell us... 1/2
“Don’t fall for the myth of the natural leader,” says “If you want to be in good shape, you have to train every day.”
sounds good man!!
It's Done!
It's you! Thanks for attending the New Mix event and the mention!
congrats bruh! The sky is the limit for you.
No money means no lunch. This is some nigga shit.
lol you had me super excited hahahahaha
How one armed was he? Tell me when to stop.
you gonna pick me up in FLL on the 7th at 6:30 am??? Please
One week and one hour! Get your Tix! #TickTock RT : We're 1 WEEK away from MD CRAFT BEER FEST!
just a way of saying we appreciate your interest and support and you hitting us up to chat.
Now Bank Of America Is Charging The Unemployed Fees To Use Their Prepaid Benefits Card via
Got Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3 and Assassin's Creed Brotherhood. Later, me and and possibly will KILL ALL!!
What time?
Craig Owens back in Chiodos?! WHAT?!
I had a meeting yesterday and the lead guy says, "Where do u want 2 start? It's a choose ur own adventure!"
Poll: How will Virginia football fare against Idaho??
It is a dry, Colonial-style cider. It is made from fresh pressed juice and tender love. revolutioncider.com to order.
I can't wait to see you on Punk'd tonight! #excite :)
to speak (with a British accent!) about integrating #socialmedia and #seo. hoping for a good session.
Jack Black grows a beard so he can resemble
SARINNE. IM GONNA CRY. IM COMING. INVITE ME.
did you drop the android version yet? Can't find it. #killingmesmalls :)
You realize that you are old when the candles cost more than the actual birthday cake
Well there goes my bracket. Picked the #tarheels to win it all. UConn is my only hope
I love Karinna, but if she makes me listen to any more Skrillex I'm going to stab her in the testicles.
Going to see the avengers and the lucky one! Hope their good :)
you left early! that's why I missed you...i saw you at lunch and then got sidetracked!! boo!!
Gottlieb: Turns out Rizzo actually made $1.5m when included cashed-out benefits.
Hey everyone! Check out my brand new video on youtube.com Search Karissa Lynn, Its the Closer cover
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 7. Keep your customers informed.
what up Pepco it's Fiddy...we gettin buried over here son!
We're currently experiencing problems with our API key signup process. We'll have it back up shortly.
Woot! RT I'm happy to announce that the has declared April 16, 2012 Day!
Hmm. Maybe "Violet" works!
have a lot in mind what can I say lol
Thanks so much for the follow. Like your ws. Simple and to the point.
"that which we do not love about ourselves shall regress and take its revenge."
I've never done a #soupswap but since I'm new to #santacruz I'm up for it!
The pope banging on a locked bathroom stalldoor "I left my badge in there!!!"
all good here. Have a great day. It's insane already at Disneyland!!
I will run to the hiding place. (Aka my home in Colorado springs). Great weekend at Shoreline in Monterey, CA
You want to hang out in a skybox on the strip with me and attend the CCDP Convention this Saturday? DM this account.
College showcase today at Nazareth College...Finger Lakes Coaches Clinic yesterday = a full weekend of basketball
you just want to live four more years within walking distance of a Dunkin Donuts
RT : Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant!
Uh oh, she's a stage 4 clinger.
get there extremely early.
"JANE EYRE: Look, if I'm going to marry a jerk, I might as well marry a jerk who gets me hot beneath the petticoat. Jane out!"
Why, after 4 years am I now finding it harder to stay under the page limit than to meet the page limit in the first place?
Schroeder's song from Charlie Brown is playing over the speakers...makes us think of Christmas! (it's getting close, right?)
RT : Now on board with ! Thank you to Michelle for the great advice & guidance. That's how it's done!
Missed my 4,300 tweet... Oh well.
sure thing, love your stuff!
basically beyond excited to see my bestie tomorrow :)
wait where do u live ....in the states???
exactly, a base hit scores those two guys on second & third.
Watched a VH1 Classic documentary w/ on the In a word: AMAZING. Love the band even more now.
If my room wasn't so fucked up I take a pic of k.g sleep on da fool
And that's a wrap! Exhausted. Ready for tea & bed & my interview tomorrow! Wish me luck! And I'm out...
A girl just performed her poetry and everyone clapped....did they not realize every word she spoke was an insult to America.
Lots of great ideas being pitched at #swdsm. It will be hard to choose a winner.
Brad Richards gets the goal.
RT : Car seats have a wide variation in height/weight limits. Before you buy do homework to pick the best seat for you.
Anyone have any Coke rewards points they don't want?
The AIG Bonuses: The PR Perfect Storm www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
: What ailed Mass. doesn't necessarily ail the other states in the nation.
RT . ": Its bothers you , cuss you still care ."
oh noes! If you happen to get into sfo around 9 pm happy to give you a ride :)
. Your ads on during this week financially supports his #hatespeech against #women &
Your french is on point Marcel!
Listen to the call regarding SBC and real live testimonies. ***Wednesday March 28 @ 10PM EST Live with Top Gold Leader Brian Hill Dial...
RT : I got today. Anyone want to make any bets, don't, you will lose money
darn right i am!
This maudlin, pill-popping, liquor-swilling full size gal is ready for Fun day Monday!
Hey Guys whats up!? :D
My producer is off the chain!!! This album is gonna be rocking because of his mad skills!!!:-)
Close one #Cuse...nice win...only gets tougher
Me: I fux with ...OtherNiggaz: Why?..Me: Because nigga, I do! Plus she keep that 45 on her leg for safe keeping.
I will-Follow Twin--June 20th Geminis! www.Video-TV-Email.com C Live-Web-Demo at 815pm Est tonite at www.connieislive.tv
aw thanks I really appreciate the support!!
What are the best areas in Portland to live? Close to downtown?
now following this kiddo from the oak>>>>>>>>>>
Wow! Didn't think you'd respond.. I apologize if I was rude. Us sport fans get passionate! :)
Everyones got at least ONE plaid shirt they rock once and a while.
I never had a brofur
Shoeshine guy at 30th Street Station singing spanish lullaby over cell phone
“: Oh wow, a celebrity followed you? How cool. You're basically a star!” ;)
The Alex Wilson Band returns this Wednesday Night! Starting at 6 pm. Bring your drinking shoes.
Do the hardest thing on earth for you. Act for yourself. Face the truth.
yes tweeps...even though I watched earlier....#H50 is currently on AFNTV Korea now........
what's a fabricator????
Never eating chilli again unless its homemade again lol
hahahahhaa So funny! I'm a homewrecker! Worst backslider ever.
Revision this weekend. Making a pledge that I won't go on Twitter during that time..
Wish I was doing something else
Randy Moss to SF.
I think the question is who isn't watching? It's that good!
Why can't I stop thinking about you?
Exclusive:Children of a murdered North County man speak out for the first time. How you can bring justice to their family at 11 on NBC 7.
You Can Take Me Out Da Hood But Da Hood Still Be In Me
Just saw a flipped truck on the 8 west, near the 163. :(
What is your favorite type of guy or girl?
so they want me to go to metrop thursday so i guess ima go
So today was Certification Testing Day. I passed the #EMC VSE & the Virtualized Infrastructure Specialist Exam for Cloud Architects
ready to go home and eat
now also some in #NetworkingUncommons too ^^
dublin-london-amsterdam. I hope I come back alive #spacebrownies hopefully not a repeat of last time
You have at least two addresses memorised,, Your own address and P. Sherman 42 Wallaby Way, Sydney.
I've joined the production of "Up All Night". Proud to be with an amazing cast & crew, especially , &
OMG We all have to do it in some form or another to Make This Money.
I ended up with an A too. Not sure anyone didn't. I rec'd 92 on paper and 10 on the ePort.
We love the look of pendant lamps! Thanks for the great photos and info!
Also there's a rumor will be in Springfield the ninth. Can anyone confirm this?
ok thanks
More boos for Pats, right?
Going to watch Chelsea on Saturday but that's it. Lol
bout to make that pantie dropping music
#Daytona500 not everyday you see tide being spread on the track
NEW DIRECTIONS WINS!!!!!
Just saw a raccoon run down Broadway, sans posse.
Let's have sex in the rain(;<
We are training our newest intern at TBLC today... would you like to apply to intern at TBLC? Send a DM!
I stand corrected. NYSDOL spox says Kodak is indeed laying off 141 *more* workers. cc
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down
Give the gift of clearer vision. Does your honey need new lenses? Great Valentine's Day gift idea hint hint.. ;-)
We hate it when that happens. How the rest of your day perks up!
Ready for some Hot Yoga followed by Sushi with the girls
Pope: SMITE THEM... He's a-cookin samthing ap!
Milwaukee in the rain is infinitely less charming than New York City in the rain.
where are the plans we made for two?!!
earthquakes in Bali Oregon Puerto Rico and Alaska in the last 2 hours.
Peeps were bemoaning this grammar faux pas today @ work too. So don't even get me started on "boughten" ::shudder::
"Blue! What does that mean?" "Our house is having a boy?" Julie
Always take gum when it's offered to you. Always.
Attending the Seventh Circuit Bar Association conference in South Bend.
Better I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday
Hosting the Blanco II party. Get here early.. Live on the mic and Let's get the party started..
Does tea have calories? Leery of tonight's glutonic gorge-fest at Lotus of Siam.
one more espresso...
Downs& updates! I got an interview. Pulled the trigger on a job possibility near my gf, same city. But it is a restaurant gig. Stoked!
Watching an episode of Frasier with a most brilliant guest appearance by Michael Keaton. Jeez. I couldn't love him more. *sigh*
Yes we do!! I'll ping you next week when I know how my schedule is to see if you can squeeze me in.
Thoughts of podcasting running through my head today. Maybe it's time to really learn how to use Audacity instead of faking it.
so where you from?
should do another Skype contest! I forgot that it was the end of the contest and I forgot to enter:'( I started crying!:(
You mean a political party controls FOX.
We are back and on application #130137 - Kevin O'Brien.
I'm goin to typhoon lagoon then the party at islands of adventure tonight gonna e like 200 people in the park no fucking lines or bullshit
In the studiO at 3am putting in work...10TH Album.
Sittin at the crib watch a show on vh1
Now that my hubs is archaeologing in Turkey I've reverted to a sixth grade diet - today's lunch: tots & a hot dog. I'll do better at dinner.
Weird, I just had a spammer not the same name, but close follow me like 3 hours ago. New spam technique?!?
Thanks! Will Do!
Don't know about you guys, but I'm hitting the pool! It's a HOT one!
back at UCF. had a good Thanksgiving break.
Janet Leigh. Look at you, a hoddie with a boddie
Not fan of American Idol tonight... Skylar by far is one of the best singers in that competition
Yeaa, it is, but I just followed a couple white kids that are going there.
J.R. Smith is on fire!!
Peyton, you're the best actress in the world!! :D <3 <3 I love you Pey
i swear if i could remember all my punchlines when im freestyling ill be the coldest rapper.#TRUTH!!!!
Thanks for the love!
Alas, tis not Friday. It is kick ass Thursday though. Could be fun!
i am drinking beer from a fireman's bucket to catch up.
It's a couple ppl I look at and get mad or frustrated from at this school
well I don't think it hits me too hard in am but never I say never drink it after 2 if I want a restful nights sleep!
I woke up to see you guys following me... it's been a good morning! :)
I just woke up to. Haha.
My dog is exiting the "cute puppy" phase & entering the "I need to chew on everything" phase. Still adorable, but gonna need more pig ears.
Anybody can make someone sweat/ sore.... The great coaches & trainers do EVERYTHING w/ a purpose. Why do u do what u do? Whats ur purpose?
My first cup of coffee, the morning after my son's cancer surgery. It went well, we have been blessed, and my coffee tastes great!
Hey PBR fans come grab some Pabst before and after all the events at the DOME DOWNTOWN!
It gets better, trust me I know everyone always says that but I am divorced & thought id die at first. Now im the best ever
Hell yeah. I know is going too. Was thinking corner suite. Maybe we sell our tix and all chip in?
Who knew Blessid Union of Souls was spelled like that?!
Thank you for the tweet! Also, if your students are interested in ratings/salaries, we have a ton. Happy Friday.
I was the one who told my mom "I'm not calling him dad, even if there's a fire." I ended up calling him dad yesterday lmao
. took the words right out of my mouth.
Who says it's been raining cats & dogs in San Diego? More like giraffes, hippos and rhinos! Looking forward to return of sunshine soon!
I had to re-read that 4 times
on me u might be stuck for a minute on repeat like how did he do all this?
Amazing how many dunks, lay-ups #ohio has missed ... And still only down ONE!
yeah wow. Shot to the chest. Strange way to commit suicide.
Faithful girls cry the most...
#childhoodsandwiches mayonnaise sandwiches
"Hold on to that game ball..." *chunks ball into the Lakers crowd seconds later*
A Girl who fat, but swear they THICK.
Presidential Trio gig tomorrow evening! Get to break out my new Marc Anthony dress shoes :-)
Same! And that's great to hear! (:
Thank you but not presently - perhaps in the summer...
are you at gdc?
Hey Sacramento fans! Carpool to tonight's game and get a free parking voucher. One lucky carpooler will win an iPod touch!
When guys only want you for sex <<
ah better question is with them opening more brewpubs one in #chi town and maybe over seas will there be more DLD's
Followup to #sabres / #UNYTS tweet. Fans should be able to donate online and still get hat. . . .
#ItSeemsLike at this point, moving on is what I have to do
God I love Olivia Colman
and i really like you too:) let me know any Sunday you can make it and I'll put you on my list. Rock on!
School tomorrow. EW.
I dont wana make things,i wana build an empire.
Can you please! follow me I recently feel in <U+2665> w/ The Fashion Fund | your childhood story REALLY resonates w/ me(my) :) !*)
Start your weekend with us! Join us for Happy Hour tonight from 4-7 in the bar!!!
Negative Christian people <
You sit on a thrown of lies. RT : I do not bacon.
I just got to smash a giant big screen with a baseball bat. Best birthday ever.
Please no Hudler!
Who else is enjoying this weather in the middle of winter? Pretty crazy!
Less turnovers, and more inside shots
Anyone know the current link to ColdFusion 9 Lockdown Guide? All links to it seem to be broken.
no they will not...i won't be surprised if both title matches are done by 9pm central time...punishment for being #ROH vets...
I'm blaming Twitter for my future stomach ache from overeating. #myfavoritefood Unfortunately, I can't get my favorites, Chunky's calling me
I Believe I Can Fly.
I want to work for Major League Baseball
I'm loving it so far RT Chic, how'd the move go?
Found my stash of Reese's PB Cups from Christmas! Today is officially a success
Lol what is Nick Cannon up to these days? Don't tell me he's trying to sing again?
OMG I KNO YOU!!! HEY DREW!
I didn't say it wasn't a good question. I said its not a good question on Mother's Day
this week perhaps? I miss u guys!
not going. to lazy.
And what ur talking about doen't even sound fun... Just sounds weird... Get urself a freak not a psyhco, babe.
The Revenge edit though
Thank you for following
join guard.
Mexico is one of the most frightening places in the world right now. Can everyone please just stop doing coke before this mess spills over?
Finalized the days for shooting the Wrecked Ink Premier Promo. Now for all the set and prop planing :P Should be fun.
Food Fact of the Day: April 21, 1962 The Top Of The Needle restaurant in the Seattle, Washington Space Needle, was officially opened.
Pervs in full force today...
Seeking TO/GTA job advice-writer/preservationist w/ experience & passion for researching/interpreting #builtheritage & #architecture. Ideas?
I feel like it may not be good to have a title for a thesis, without a thesis... "A Bug in the History of Computers"
can I get just one dance with yu lady.. lol W.O.R.D.
There are three rules for #writing. Unfortunately, no one can agree what they are.
if you looked like a boy.. Maybe
Tonight is Student Night! Bring your student ID to get 2 ounces off!
she gonna talk wit me on da phone everyday when I'm out there she gonna miss me person but my not voice
Heeheehee....wait, what?
Sorry Mccartney but I prefer lennon
We need at least five votes by the City Council body to make D3 map an option and go against the legal opinion.
Even my heart beat wakes me up
Today is business day #10 since the test. I'm checking my email every 5-10 minutes waiting for it to come.
better get that lead back right now!
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Sleep,gym,tanning <3
Going out tonit
Great! thanks for asking. how about yours? <U+2665>
Ima Ask Mi Uncle If He Ever Come Back To The House
you should totally do it! I definitely wanna run it, although a zombie would be kinda cool
CHRIS BROWN
don't be mean to pokey !
Without ME, it's just AWESO.
Just did a delivery & the lady gave me a $10 tip-U know what that means? I is getting myself 2, not one but 2, half priced martinis tonight
If you find it, let me know!! :)
happy mothers day!!!
Kim Mulkey has the exact same blazer as you! Hope you also didn't wear it to tonight's game!
“: Whoohoo!! So glad you found it!! I love this shot!” it's the coolest pic ever! Thanks!!
It's a pretty good teaser tactic!
Wheels from Waukesha will be calling in on this one tomorrow. cue the happy gilmore "jackass" drop
I work for Franchise Tax Board. Try calling number or use LIVE CHAT -- which is NOT SECURE. Or DM me and maybe I can help.
Im back on twitter :)
morning run <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
.....by that enthusiastic an so inviting answer that i just received you wouldnt want to be friends huh.
"Don't tread on this notion that education isn't a fundamental aspect of our democracy." #eisummit Right on ASU
Happy shopping! : Heading out to half-price day & 99-cent jean day Love my bargains! How about you?
obligated?! How bout you just wanna wish me a happy birthday?...
Ahh, I'm just boring as f*ck!
State Rep. Sylvester Turner questions why the estimate remains the same since last year, asks if estimate is "intentionally conservative"
THANKS GUYS FOR 800 FOLLWERS. LOVE YOU ALL. <3
Incorrect! In the US of A, it is still Tuesday. ;)
Right on! If you get a chance, please help spread the word.
purple swag
Exam and 2 lab reports to write before the game tonight. Really contemplating burning down Chem/Phys tonight instead of just couches.
Now following !! ;)
I don't even know what that means. No one knows, but it's provocative...
Teaching Intro at ICC in Soho and had a chat with Jacques Pepin in the hallway. Pretty cool!
Sometimes Twitter just doesn't deserve my presence. But I don't want you to enter the real world without my blessing.
totally sublime stuff! Super excited J-Mike is back!
I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you.
If the #Penguins had scored on that 2-man adv, would both Bruins have come out of the box or just one?
"...Morehouse has persevered and excelled." - Willis Sheftall '64, Interim provost and senior vice president for Academic Affairs
it was weird, He forgot lyrics to entire songs. People were walking out in the middle of the show.
we get notoriously poor reception in the restaurant, but appreciate your check in efforts!
No, but the mac & cheese at is delicious.
gotta listen to the jams to make it till the end of the day. don't hate.
please supply us all with a quote of how much #NFC will cost to print on 10k printed postcards.
'To a worm in horseradish, the world is horseradish.'
...ready to celebrate the weekend in T - 1 hour. What are your plans?
Silent House :O
Keisha is so damn scary...I've never seen a person so scary b4..
Good morning!!!:) So ready for the studio. Session later on.
RT : Hartford's review of ALL the ways copyright law doesn't relate to indy political orgs is so important.
RT : Ray Bradbury "I'm 17 and I'm crazy. My uncle says the 2 always go together. When people ask your age, he said, always say 7"
hahah doesn't sound very delicious but I'll take your word for it:)
Put Chris Paul it's his Quarter
Rollin to Bristol from OHIO...is there an underground tunnel/walkway to get to the pits??
I wanna see 21 jump street and wrath of the titans
help the invisible children and stop Kony!
I can't get the Coach link to work either. A little help?
I saw Stackhouse on the floor and thought to myself...I hope Josh Smith has broad sholders to carry the whole team.
I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago
Look for an occupation that you like, and you will not need to labor for a single day in your life. -Confucius
My fucking stomach hurts.
Thank you!!! And you as well! :)
Identity crisis resolved. New York!!!!
Sweet I don't have to deal with timeline anymore :D -ProtoSkar
Just renewed my expired domain. How long before site comes up??
i might actually watch x factor now that demi's a judge.
Been along time i shouldnt have left you
trying to get to become a twitter machine!
hmm suspicious. When did you get one?
Lead the charge! : Has anyone started a petition to to dump Limbaugh completely?
business owners in Baltimore-unique advertising opp for $10-175, funds raised benefit non-profit scholarship fund, ad will b in program book
he legged out that HR harder than an attempted single haha
So close to 200 followers! I know its not a lot- but I'm ecstatic!! I just need 8 more people who will follow the
Good for you! What a great way to start the new year #MyWANA #wordbitches"
it's like a pink-purple. You'd love it.
im ok how r you?
I tweet so hard mofos wanna fine me
hey, I am in Cambridge too! Wave if you see me.
Missing musashi, so we are having teppanyaki in honolulu! It probably won't be as good..
no. Its a comedy tv show.
ur twitcon >>>> u should be a model
I guess that means Nelson Cruz should be a finalist for a Gold Glove in right field then, right?
Mine too..
I got geeked the fuck out seeing Thanos at the end lol that made the movie
Good luck to the teams representing Minnesota at the MCLA national Tournament.
so do we! Thanks for you help and support.
I been good just living dealing with my crazy ass boyfriend out here lol. How have you and your girl been? Where my video?
only if you got that wine fine only if you got that sip type only if you got that mine bomb only if you got that zip type
Thanks for the Littlefair interview. Hope its just not a platform for him to dump another block of stock!
now that is trending on our twitter who wants to go with her to graham this Saturday at ?!?!?
I resemble that remark (but not in LHE)
Preventative Patrol, Routine Incident Response, Emer. Response, Crim. Investigation, Problem Solving, & Support Services
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. Christian Dior
I picked you to win last night!!!!
Condensing what was previously two bedrooms into one is a bit challenging. I'm having to get organizationally crafty.
#ThingsIHateInTheMorning...waking up before the SUN! That should be illegal somehow!
finally catching up on the last 2 epis of new girl !!!!
i love ur long hair will u marry me maryse ?
Hahaha that's the gayass romo I know!!! LET'S GO
do you wanna come to a tinychat with me we can talk we can sing we can do what ever
Mr. Baird gave overview of transportation for families w kids at both schools.
John mcCain was in prison camps for what - six years? How could he possibly be sane after that. and his kids have to be nuts too.
Critics for The New York Times assess films, television shows and video games that will arrive in the new year.
{Want to do something with real objects? Make the physics right - perfect. Now give it to an engineer. Imperfect but realistic.}
Somehow my oldest son (10) heard the song "The Devil Went Down to Georgia" and he's walking around singing it.
what channel is it in San Antonio?(:
I just made love to a bumpalicious cupcake.
LOVE!! RT : RT : You can't teach passion, it's contagious. #nsd2012 // amen!
the things I DM are just too cheesy<3
Colorado Loves ABP!
yes, I could do w/o the "welcome to California" earthquake. Pretty wavy on the 11th floor of the Hilton.
That last tweet should be on a tshirt w/ my picture next to it. If i die tomorrow someone please do that for me, thanks.
well come fuck wit us... simple as that
Is the Federal Government compelled to cover for self-inflicted wounds as Sebelius & Axelrod fall on own swords?~D
Go get 'em, girlfriend!
the entire time I've been laughing and tweeting the two offenders sit idol..what a bunch of amateurs..guilty fails.
I can not wait now that the film comes out of Justin Bieber!
The background on your page is fierce!
40 days all be changed .. Beleedat!
Congrats on 3M followers! Maybe you should do a twitcam about it? LOL. (: xx
I do this!!! LOVE it.
sure. I believe that. ;) Also I haven't seen you yet! Sadness.
Mane my stomach trying 2 hurt
This has to be a proud time of year for you. These kids owe you & your colleagues a great deal. Thank you for doing what you do.
I miss my best friend.
NFL draft tonight!!! Who's ready?!
missed ya! Happy holidays :)
I have that same one today, not much of a "recovery" but still got to love it right?
His words have meant nothing before, thus the problem. Gitmo, medical cannabis ... across the range he spoke well but no action.
lol are you watchin deliver us from Eva? lol
#Thatawesomemoment when you turn on the radio and your #favoritesong starts right from the beginning!
I know lol I was live tweeting and now the
then you get for free tonight
- thank you for the mention!
Tired of ppls bs
RT : RT : Framing issues: climate disruption, women’s rights, economy, religion, politics......
Police talking to a "person of interest" in Crown Point hit&run that killed 1 corrections officer and hurt 3 others. More info soon
CUTTING MY HAIR =/
Once again the Portland Trail Blazers have a true dynamic high flyer in Elliot Williams. About time.
Hopefully i'll have updates on the book soon
hahah too bad.
So Sweet xo
At Deerfield Classic, boys multiple winners are Princeton/Green Lake's Matt Van Scyoc (400 & long jump); Columbus, (400 & 800 relays).
#DailyRebellion: Take an extra-long lunch break.
Purpose of Life[Ecclesiastes12:13] Love.Respect.Honor.Obey FatherGod & keep HIS Spiritual Principles for this is the whole duty of humankind
earns the Leading Scorer Award with 53 points at the 56th Annual Awards Evening.
The contraptions used for a pedicure scare me more than most things.
We have achieved moshing.
Who ever says secrets don't make friends, obviously is just jealous they have no friends.
Spring arrives at 1:14 AM tomorrow. Instead of spring, a taste of summer Thursday. Temps pushing toward 80 or higher #NYC & inland spots.
Petra is a dumb bitch -__-
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams
sweet!! Can I eat with you?
If someone is too good to be real, maybe they're not?
#deadisland is one beast of a game
3 days until tickets go on sale for WARPED TOUR! Who are we gonna see on tour?!?!
Which weights more? A pound of feathers or a pound of bricks
CJ can get one in tonight!!!! I feel it!! #SportingKC go #lilrookie go!!
Can you find any "otter" animal puns :P
ALL I WANT FOR CHRISTMAS IS FOR YOU TO NOTICE ME! NEVERSAYNEVER?
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???...
Mgk concert in June :)
Yes, I believe it will be competitive. It's a toss-up. We have more talent, but I worry about Kubiak in a game like this.
#pissed some dumb fuck hit my car when it was parked and now I have five deep ass scratches on my front bumper and there is nothing I can do
this aint bout sex with yu i just love the thought of being next to yu
How about "I don't lie convincingly enough to bother lying"?
nahh I been ready lol.! You the one aint ready
eh hahahah. I'm going to sleep night!:)
We are here to evolve n grow. We are here to discover who we are. We are here to transform our surroundings in keeping with who we really r
Ishikawa didn't get the Helton call on that one.
If it ain't one thing its another
: Again, we return to question: what is digital humanities? "being human in digital age"
There's still time 2 make your #bridal #dress appt w/ for SATURDAY, 3/24! Come try on dresses & sample our delicious #cupcakes!
1k ante my bad
About to knit a cover for my kindle.
#worstpassword 12345..... 12345? thats the same combination i have on my luggage!
if i was one of the first 100 people at chick fila today, this would been me " give me a chicken sandwich and some waffle fries for free! :)
just jumped off my loft #accomplishment ...but i landed on my dogs tail #comebackpuppy :(
Damn this jawn crazy
It takes balls to call in sick on a Friday.
KXT Summer Cut! Also Nada Surf.
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the #Mavericks against the #Blazers. Apparently a scheduled night off.
I don't doubt my baby is callin somebody else baby.
happy birthday
Don't guess..... I'm your aunt, Sam..... We can talk in DMs if you would like
If you use the word "subversiveness" about a subject 5 times in only a couple of paragraphs, the subject is probably not that subversive!
RT I do 5 sit-ups every day. It may not sound like much, but there’s only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
hope if they do, they'd be run on dedicated line 4 nut allergic people who react to other legumes :(
Lets go bucks
Heated seats! New car! Spring nights that are chilly give me this new tiny thrill.
Can't you skip all classes and listen to them later?
i'm really dreading this weekend ...
RT If your apartment is hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY. That's how the hurricane tricks.
Really get a sense of your shop from the pix on your FB fan page, John, very cool, love the B&W...
LOVE that! Wish I were that adventurous, sigh. Go for it!
Delicious LifeStyled is a terrifice online magazine with tips on living a yummy life! Delicious LifeStyled- creating a mood with paint
what good brah
I just played Remember The Time by Michael Jackson on a TouchTunes digital jukebox.
Too bad Donald "Duck" Dunn had to go today. He played bass on all the '60s songs by Booker T, Aretha, Otis Redding, Sam & Dave...
that makes 2 of us..my family is at a resturant & i passed out on the table!
“: Playing with and more tomorrow night 12/17. Party w/ us before the relatives arrive.” egg nog for one and all!
she did well!
Thanks 2 our huge audience last night&our guests Amstel comic Lisa Ann Walter,FOX News Jennifer Griffin,NPR Greg Myre&singer Elan
Pedroia is dressed like Little Red (Sox) Riding Hood.
why. &what is that supposed to mean.
Meek Mill is gonna do it big for Drake's concert on the 22nd & then hit up the Longbranch for his after party >>>>>
that looks like tough duty, Brian....
best present I got for Xmas was your book. Love it!!!
WEDDING DAY! Finally here! Forget the Revolution, this wedding will be Tweeted LIVE!
Once again, my #Epson Stylus Photo R2400 is a badass. A public thanks to the guy who moved to #china and couldn't take it with him.
please step up your produce game no fun buying a box of strawberries and finding half of them are bad
not the Chicago Scrubs!!
Asians talk funny
Violence was common at the shows the Silver Beatles played One night they were ambushed in a parking lot after a show & a fight broke out
I don't fuck with that cereal dust at the bottom of the bag.
good and you?
I'll be me and you be you. #bitchesbebitches I guess.
If you'er interested in a Free Zumba class contact for more information!
oh bye guys <U+270C>
I'm sorry,I just can't do it. Glee is so annoying. -_- I tried.
Thank u 4 following me if u r a mom Happy Mothers Day 2 u
I practically live at Taco Bell.
Hate it when I realize at the last second I have unfinished HW due, right now. Oh the trials and tribulations of
it aint like u care tho but its cool lol......ill move around
I feel like I should be a little jealous.
Salserodalante Productions Presents a Fun Ladies Styling & Technique Class Every Tuesday Night at 7:00pm!
PARTY TOMORROW, YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS?!?!?!?!? HOT BOIIIS(;
Dr. Seuss has left the building ;) Later, Trish!
Dirty Martini - take me away.
I feel all of my paintings address my passion for the elevation of the human condition through abstracted expressions of nature and spirit.
A couple hours left then its game time
WHOA WHOA. Wade didn't get the foul called?
It a beautiful day! Gonna have some fun in the sun! Lol
Definitely appreciate it! I need some guidance.
8 hour push again today. con law exam tomorrow.
yes, pão de queijo is amazing. And it's even better in Brazil. :)
Muse - Time is Running Out = Eargasm <3
May your strength give us strength;May your faith give us faith; May your hope give us hope; May your love give us love.
guys i dont wanna upset anyone but i realized i dont even like 1D that much
I miss you too! I literally have so much to tell you..
I just joined the Brunettes team!
Small nervous breakdown today. Mini-wig? Microgeddon? Nanocalypse?
1/21 Dinner Soup Special: Butternut Squash Soup with Spiced Cream & Shaved Green Onions
#jeter is owns the game, screw all you haters
ooh which one? I missed the boat on a bag I've been eyeing for months!
Dukes calls my music "brinca brinca music" lmao she hates 2chainz :p
Happy Mother's Day!
He is a #cunt then. If i had it i'd give it to ya. I don't have that 1 here it's in Ireland, my bro has it.
where's the defibrillators?
A Sydney judge ruled that Men at Work must share a part of its royalties for "Down Under" with the publisher of a classic children’s song.
Unclear at this point what involvement, if any, Andersen had in this case and whether he will be charged.
Hope you get some sleep and feel better soon!
I feel so refresh I'm back on track <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Lovely to meet you as well! Here's hoping we see each other again in the near future under less awkward circumstances! :)
#OnlyIfHadSuperPowers I wouldn't need a car, I would teleport where ever the hell I want (y)
Michael Pollan is on stage at Heinz Hall. Afterwards, in Manfred Honeck's office, he'll tape a segment for tomorrow's Good Morning America.
Getting in touch with your true self must be your first priority
Really hoping comes to Birdie tonight!!
Enjoy giving your talk, darlin'! xo
pick up Dev Henderson & drop Mike Williams/SEA or keep Williams? Starters r Boldin/Welker/Burress
Aint no sunshine when she's gone. Only darkness everyday!
It's memory lane Monday #DBUalum! Tell us about your favorite Winter Break during your college years!
Please RT for her 21st Birthday! She absolutely adores you & met u in Pittsburgh! Biggest fan! Loves u. Thank u! <3
What's new? “: Nothing good on TV... Cool.”
Eating Chicken Enchilada Soup from #rolypoly restaurant in EP! So delicious! I recommend! Anyone ever been here?
I wish more people lived in sleepy!
Nick Cave! Please to come out on stage for me. Thank you.
lol imma throw all my dirty dishes at ur window >:)
It's like catching lightning the chances of finding someone like you. It's one in a million the chances of feeling the way we do.
Doesn't "reading my mind" imply I already know what book I want?
Are we really making "progress" in a world where there's insufficient nudie magazines of Ryan Goslin?
Now you tell me. Just ate an entire bag of those doritos tacos.
. listing many branches of Cow Clicker. "It was by far my most successful project; I'm trying to come to terms w that."
It's not original with me. Our mutual friend Moe Egan was the first I noticed using the term, Doug.
people swear like they talk to my sis but they don't ha
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
love ya 2
Programmers say "goto considered harmful". Psychologists says "comparison considered harmful."
Chris Tomlin performing live on 268generation. Singing world Great is our God!!
ets- got our first airplay off the new record on tues 24th with "heart poppers" played on wmbr cambridge, ma.
tonight, proposed that we have a blt night in the near future! i agree, because blt has gotten soggy! :/
I wonder what bat Maysonet used for the grand slam. Didn't he break his bat on one of the pitches before he hit it?
well did American ever find your bag? My bag was broken and my cohorts is still missing...lovely...
That's weird to me
whenever... I'm down here in line... It's in my pocket
Bottom line: no patience in NY
Company need a recharge? Energy or relaxation... We go to your office/home/event with professional Reflexology. They love it!
Very interesting. I will never view asterisks the same again.
I'm not exactly sure what Mubarak's speech just meant, but I'm pretty sure he just said he did not have sexual relations with that country
Skinny jeans, crocks, and snuggies are all excellent forms of birth control.
i can also probably get you a hug from a couple sweaty strangers if you want. Just let me know. Haha.
Man said imma be in a music video
A4 And if senior leadership isn't thinking straight - even worse. Remember, GM senior exec flying in private jets to DC?
Get Austin Mahone Verified!!!!
you'll rock it :).
Cheeto's = #awesome!
my little brother :) thanx a bunch!
Had a great time playing paintball with and on Monday! Thanks guys!
Last Pritzker family visit to Amherst. Sydney Pritzker graduates!
Thanks for all of the kind and encouraging responses, BTW. They're much appreciated. I'm optimistic and eager to start treatment. :-)
What is one of your marketing goals for this year?
I love my president
Nas is real
Jose Lopez just jacked a 3 run bomb. Unreal.
life is better when you slow down and appreciate it.
Who is to blame that Dook was so average this season? Their recruiting classes are the best every year and each of their guys is a McD's AA.
S i t yo ass down somewhere. You AIN'T turnt up
Why are some people so shady?
You can't put a value on a random act of kindness. :D You guys rock!
Thanks so much for your kind comments......I DO loe the ocean. Have a nice week.
An hour an half down 7 more to go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Go PENS & PREDS!! It's Hockey night!!
Thank you for coming to see us!
...you know you are wrong for that...lmmfao!!!!!
Nickelback w/ special guest Bush will rock Farm Bureau Live @ VB on Sat 7/28 - tix go on sale NEXT Sat 3/17 at 10am
if i hear moves like jagger one mo' again..
Good night world! Well technically it's morning...I don't care, I'm going to bed!
Cooking ratatouille and watching Downtown Abbey
Today has been a good day...
Got 2 Minutes To See A VideoThat's Helping Home Business Professionals DOUBLE Their Productivy? bit.ly/f8LDH3
Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting Director! Tori has employed more actors than any other Casting Director in New York!
On my way to
A Day in the Life of Tim Ferris
I'm eating grilled cheese to! Just not with ranch... hahaa
Scouting for Food collection today! Make sure to put get those cans out before the scouts come by!
That's the thing w vodka...the "sometimes." LOL.
GAH!! Awesome! RT : RUSH is coming to Buffalo in October!
haha! Red is amazing to!<U+2665> :]
"Yo dawg, I heard you like to interrupt class and blabber about nonsense, so I hooked you up with peeps in DC" - me, in the essence of Xzbit
When you say "magic," you mean race-baiting and blaming the media for his adulatory, right?
a very nice blog, and fashionable, too.
OK, so I didn't remember to register by last night. Can I still do so on Friday morning?
You are so sweet! I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
Working with Avatar Reality marketing on IDIA Lab's year long Blue Mars build launch - should premiere in the next few weeks more to come -
Everything's good till it goes bad.
,hi hunney how are you
The epic journey home for Christmas begins: today flying Berlin-Amsterdam-Detroit-Boston. Tomorrow bussing or car-ing to Camden.
So excited to do photos today!! Haven't done this in a while... Fun fun fun
haha I want to go see The Lucky One lol:)
Are you a humble servant leader or simply a dictator? #hint servant leaders don't have to ask for followers.
I can't cope with the pressure Settlin for lesser The god left lessons on my dresser So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
#eluna09 Saw demo of the new bX recommender service for SFX at lunchtime. It's Amazon meets JSTOR. Definitely worth checking out.
Ima hookah blowing, camel riding, I don't give a lovely mother fuck ass Arab.
Have you made it on twitter when the whores really, I mean REALLY start following you?
Wow. Beautiful designs. Nice work!
Come meet CSP at the Long Beach Grand Prix this weekend for great conversation and amazing weather!
okay this is funny, because for once it wasn't directed towards you lol
goodnight again friends follow also Godbless
Big changes. #update soon! \m/
Horrible hair weather.. I feel like I'm in Houston!
BYRG really thin, running on news, watching...
Beautiful evening in Georgetown to do some shopping before meeting for dinner at Serendipity (but WAY more excited for dessert)
when's good for you guys?
Dressed and ready
Getting ready to get down with the funkiest undead around!
Someone should recommend really awesome movies & TV shows. It's summer & I don't sleep. I need to be entertained.
If you're not already, give a follow right now as he tweets exclusive images from the new BBVA Compass Stadium.
it's on twitches...hang on!!!
hi Mrs. Hallice
It better be alabama lsu
As I said the other night, for Mizzou fans, membership in the #SEC for all intents and purposes starts tonight.
All right all right all right, Lol (Kevin Hart)
Atleast it isn't business related. Wooh, that was close. Have a great day everyone
Cause I'm real, the way you smile, the way you smell, it drives me wild <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
A positioned span next to another in the html acts like it's still there even when moved. Workaround is to put the span somewhere else.
We’re glad to hear you think so! Have you tried our granola bars or cereal? RT: Sunbelt fruit snacks is the best ever
AH. Playing Final Fantasy 1 on NES with sound down, listening to Brewers/Royals. All the windows open, 78 degrees. Life is GOD.
Missed your departure on Thursday.. and I even brought back my Predator DVD and FF7...
i just <3 christmas songs! :) they always make me feel so happy and warm lol :P
Good morning cruel world
In the middle of nowhere O.O.
We're just friends. So tell him to go get his mothers phone. LOLOLOL.
Damn, thats real
I can't believe just mixed Warren g into this Rihanna bullshit. Get the fuck off the air
UPS & I are about to fight if they don't get their ass here like now.
We are jazzed to see everyone!
Drop me a line. I love to hear from my followers.
Gotta love Twitter,
So I cut one side of my yard, and ran out of gas. So I was waiting on my father to get home so I can go get more gas. Guess not anymore.
Did you know John Woods works for Newt Gingrich's super PAC??? Bahahhaha aahahaah ahahahaha!
I remember those, do they still make them?
I would love a tool that tells you if you're using a certain word too much in an essay. Does anything like that exist?
John: My kids are gonna be screwed up.
what station are you on in Tampa, Fl?
Also, they've got new Thunderbolt 6tb that might be worth looking at - pricey, though
Petraeus "will not ever run for office." Honesty or MacArthurian dissembling?
It should be a age limit on hoein....Seriously. This lady got a cane out here sellin on Elvis Presley. Smh
surprised that and stuck to the favorites in the early games (except NCST which is listed as a favorite but is a dog)
I most certainly will. I did have a quick questions, the Australian Home Sale video what was that called I was trying to find it.
I would never turn you down boo!
Oh yes! First thing I read, and then I blogged about it and ordered my whole family to read it! Unfortunately some of it I...
thats the only kind of ballin i do
I only like OKC cause their beating the Lakers. I'm not a fan tho.
I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally. ~Audrey Hepburn
u piss me off for some reason
U think so? Why thank u!
The man at 50 who views the world the same as he did at 20 has wasted thirty years. ~Muhammad Ali
Live in Joy, In love, Even among those who hate.
See??? effed up tweets
Finding parking at Aventura mall <
wish I were there RIGHT NOW!
I'm always watching ;)
Bought mulch from Detroit Farm and Garden on Vernor in SW Detroit this afternoon and what a great place!
screaming YES YES YES YES like im in a fucking herbal essence commercial! Lol
miss u too! also
“: Hey Boo! Saw your reel.... GO GIRL!!!! ” Aww THANKS, SIS!! Appreciate you!!
Ha! Completely agree.
There needs to be an internet shorthand for 'made me giggle', not just LOL. So: MMG, David. xo
my mom told me that i should start trying out for reality t.v shows....thanks mom :))))
and now starting QB for the Denver Broncos.....John Elway!
Time to get down here and warm up with 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9pm. Also, make sure to check in on Foursquare and get a Free Powers shot
Lunch, lunch, lunch...always enjoying left overs.
"Let's play some sweet music for the ladies." -Noah (talking to his friend, Owen, referring to my best friend [Owens mom, Meghan] and I.)
nice I watched the whole series, LOVED Julia and her mom Erica was such a badass
Went to PGE/PSU's electric avenue and came away thinking the volt seems more likeable than the Tesla. Perhaps J. Leno is right
Robertson already blown save lol. Many a dominant setup man floundered in 9th, was curious if Yanks were gonna keep him middle i.e Clippard
i need suggestions of my first tat...idk wat to get
yah it's like you hate people , and they just have that name.
Can't figure out what to get the person who has EVERYTHING? SJ's has "Joe Bucks", the perfect gift for that ice cream & coffee lover.
Hate we didn't get amille but ill take the class we have as is. Good luck with the dookies
new default ? i think so! haha
We can provide your customers a personalized dashboard...:)
Happy 26th birthday to my beautiful wife! Her birthday present to me is not making me see The Vow. She's amazing.
Sorry to everyone I never replied to or never followed back! Just been busy.
Introducing my remaining Film Criticism students to certain Black Knight.
Dang I'm tired but I really wanna do something tonight.
What are some skin care tips you recommend for winter?
I have class right now, I'll write you a private message later today. Finding it hard to construct at thought in 140 words.
Totally ignoring your mum!
Please excuse John for not being in school yesterday. He had diarrhea - the shits.
Burning a tropical guava candle. Smells like summer. <3
All-AMC Baseball Team was announced today. Pioneers get 7 on 1st Team, 1 on 2nd Team. Torres Coach of the Year, Peluso Pitcher of the Year
Never doin dat shit again not fixna dis me on my day got me bent. How df u can't give directions to whea u stay. Shit heavy ima map quest
I hate homework.
: "We're far too technologically advanced to need to use our vocal chords."
Silent Nights uses nanotechnology developed by LifeWave communicates with the body’s energy meridians similarly to how acupuncture works
Happiness is an inside job. I don't need to "book a job" to be happy. I choose to be happy right now.
My mother would say the dumbest stuff when people walk into the waiting room for attention...
On the War on Drugs "the people who are winning are the people who are sustaining the marijuana culture" -DEA Agent
Finna be Disney bound! Hollywood Studios, HERE I COME!
fittin' to technological singularity
Tim Cahill just seems out of his depth. Lots of positions and no policies. Tim Cuthill more like... The politics of pure cynicism!
Now that would be interesting :-). Dracula and my band just chillin at a concert... Watch your necks though!!
via : OK taking a snapshot while on a wireless connection in SL really messes with the video.
I just txt u lol
LOBO NATION Invaded the Thomas and Mack Center today. The success continues. WE ARE NEW MEXICO!
my eyebrows are ridiculous, i fail at shaping them perfectly. im surprised i haven't waxed them completely off by now :p
: Want to learn how to extend your security policies to the cloud? Ask anyone wearing an t-shirt. #RSAC”
oh my word! do mine(:
thanks for the shoutouts all the way from the UK
We are hosting 's 2012 Business Summit for 250+ Students/Entrepreneurs (Apr 4). Have Press Pass 4 event. Interested?
it would aso be pretty amazing if followed me, but what if Justin had extra tickets and just handed them out?
i love it when i see a celebrity with a "self-taken" picture as their twitter or watev profile pic it makes me think they're people too :]
All Them Albums In My Picture I'LL Fuck A Bitch 2 Yep Even .#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. What happens when the tough run out of places to go?
u r welcome! Yes, it definitely brings things into perspective.
watching Platoon and working on Maya
Every day.
I want to go on a vacation...
Skitzo Starts this week also!
The only time you fail is when you don't learn from a mistake.
I have been seeing a lot of articles lately about fracking. Am I the only one that thinks of Battlestar Galactica when I see that word?
I think it's in Annapolis - about 45 minutes or more south. C goes near there everyday. Let's facetime on this soon.
Swat Cats my nigga.
send me a tmobile phone. lol
34mph is my strongest #wind in #May on record at my place! 2009 I had a gust of 31.1mph. I started my records in #October of 2008.
Traveling using Smooth Operator for a GR8t buffed,shiny, healthy, natural nail look!
The New htc phone for tmobile looks very nice
: hahah well ok I guess
The mesmerizing moon surreptitiously soothes my soul with seductive soliloquies...
OMG White Chicks in the morning. <U+2665>
Listening to wax on social media 'history'!
Life is a process, One step after another until you reach your destination.
smh not you... Your school. We fsu
blaze orange!
“: Not sure if this falls in the new restaurant category but is my 2011 favorite new eating spot.”
I can't hear anyone right now, with yelling and all that in his tweets
I love old-man sweaters and leg warmers.
I think it gives new meaning to awesomely bad. But OMG are the drawings hilarious. Especially the guy with the sperm laser beam
I've got a Nintendo controller belt buckle but I don't wear it because I've seen other people wearing it.
wheres the dance att? the double tree??
o ok
I owned the California drivers test.
So happy 30 rock is back!
shout out to .... It is what it is
Arkansas AD Jeff Long broke down when talking about meeting with Razorbacks players today.
RT : I'd suggest clearning you calendar for 8:13 AM CST on May 16th when #thatConference tickets open. 1300 tickets will go fast.
~ Hey Earvin, put $500 on the Rangers for me. They'll take care of Cards in 6!
Apologies, world, but it appears there is a new Lady Gaga video that I'm obsessed with. I know.
You've just been to the mall, haven't you?
Three Cal points. Two Cal turnovers. One missed field goal. And a partridge in a ... aw, screw it.
No: Eight, Five, Four, Nine, One, Seven, Six, Ten, Three, Two. That order.
Awww fun!! I still would like ur help getting these vocals back in shape so when ur ready and have time let me know!!:)
Sorry, no free tickets, but we may have a giveaway soon!
I wasn't just gonna let it go , like it never meant anything.
see you here at
Thank you ! We miss you in Chicago!
Love that idea. Can't wait to experience w/ 2 of my fav #MKEfoodies! RT let's go there when it opens!
Dear students: 11:58 is not the time to text me about problems with the wiki. Ever. Now I can't fall back asleep :(
Saw your tweet bout write left, sports right. Same here. Even my writing is wrighting, all gnarled up to mimic righties. Weak.
is an Irish happy hour for Young Professionals, hosted at on Thursday night!
Every time I try to Instagram a pic all "!!!working out at the gym!!!" I cant do it! x_x lol. HOW does everyone else take good gym photos?!?
casino? Let down at the game huh?
Riding the bus is exactly like ordering from the Soup Nazi. Passengers are damned if they do, damned if they don't.
My neighbors must hate Sundays. Boom Boom Boom
Medea is finally over! Thanks to everyone who came and supported Theatre Morgan!
What's earliest pick you see Colts using on a QB? If Mallet or Locker somehow falls to us in 2nd round, do you pull trigger?
RT : The last cute boy I met in California was Tyler, and it's still sad to think that I am never going to see him again.
so glad it's Friday! Can't take another day of working with all the rednecks in my office. Who are we!? Mississippi or something?
its not : Oh My God Becky , Look At Her Butt ... Tunechi . Itz : Oh My God Mikey , Look At Your Abs ... SEXYY !
Very past due mentions: Thank you for the mentions! I was on twittercation.
love the name Fay :) thanks for the addition and follow.
so cool
is officially a hack outfit anymore. They are just absolute crap.
oh thats good
It was summer just the other day, but Costco is already selling fake Christmas trees. I feel rushed.
I'm working on your mothers day gift right now! :)
Jdkdjdksksksk will never follow me. k. I give up. Bye.
watching #Touch...and the fact that all of this makes perfect sense to me...speaks volumes.
11/2 @ 7 pm Come to Witherspoon Cinema for the Peru Project! $5 to get in. All proceeds go to help Peruvean elementary school. C U there!
TOOTH IS OUT!! let the pain stop!! :)
Miss, A 9
Back hurts from recovering picnic table, chiminea, and washing machine from canal. Stupid Ike. Boat goes to boat heaven today.
Day Ended Great !(:
It's so bad its good. With lines like "physically the opposite of Randy Moss" and "Swagger like a cripple" how can you go wrong?
? where U club,cafe,sweet mangoes,busboy.n.poets,where man I'm in yo cityeee
“: See i cant take you nowhere. LOL” haha His new tape is 2 hard, Make respectable folk wanna commit felonies LOL
I Shine I Stunt I Can NE B**** I Want~~~
Follow me please I Love you so much 1-4-3<U+2665>, never change! You're amazing. I'm addicted to #SoLsiten. You're all time on my mind
Live Music Lineup- Linde & Ted Hammock with Reed Kendal , The Nerds , 3a.m. Tokyo !
Bassists in L.A Wanted: Bass Player Needed For One-Time $Gig On 1/10. Click "Gigs" tab on drum-studio.com
Second of all, I'm a nice person..I like to think I am..:) I just don't do anything half-ass'd backward..if my heart ain't it, forget it.
++|-+! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
KB my friend, we hold hands and skip, I put her in my pocket, and I make her friendship bracelets.
Greetings on the Sunday of St. John Ladder & the Feast of St. James of Catania! ".. only thru prayer & fasting.."
And the mystery team is SEATTLE.
"Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable."-George Bernard Shaw
sounds delicious, let's do it!
oh I thought you were going today for final review
Brad Rains at #NARM2012 said: Atlantic looks to partner with an artist to make a brand.
#follow the realist niggas in yo city.
ugh i love it so much! holy moly
Show starts at 6, at The trocadero center 12$ with us, from outside and many more, this saterday. Don't miss it!
Visitors to historic sites and cultural attractions stay longer and spend more money than other kinds of tourists.
Spending the night inside reading Huck Finn.
Are you ready for that night? It should be a wild one.
Is only 1 hour away!!!!! Were breathing the same air!!!! :D
Working late AND not getting enough done - a winning combination!
well come by today and I'll treat you after your nap. Heheh. You can keep me company
Do Not Disturb: #np 'Wake Up'
Is your business using Pinterest yet? Check out Kate Spade to see a biz do it right.
Nice, where are you?
hahaha I love that movie! That moment is so great!
I have got to start using this thing more.
Thanks for mention !
Not a very good morning.. Rough start but finally getting better!
Had a long day today. I'm tired and a bit irritable.*sighs*
First Day And Last On The Job As Ad Copy Writer: “New Irish Spring…Like A Swift Kick In The Balls.”
Awww thanks so my h Eileen, it means so much to me! :)
I just made a hot date with I'm so fucking excited.
well .. just came from walmart .
16th and champs
Wet disc causing problems for both teams, but #Spinners take a 15-13 lead. #AUDL 9:40 left in regulation
RT MadiSimon12 People who use others for their money <<<<
Bah--shoes are highly overrated. Unfortunately, I'm going to be on vacation next week, but I hope to get a chance to meet soon!
If i cant be your one , i dont wanna be your anything . . .
Going with the #4 Kathmanblu and
which one do you work at ?^.^<3
stealing "obvs" from you. now.
Sunday will be first Mother's Day without my mom. No wonder I haven't felt like buying cards for anyone. #mother'sday
I love how i want thick hair.. but when my hair IS thick (like now) i wish i could tame it
That's fantastic! You're the future of education. ;) RT #IAspireTo go to UVA and get my teaching degree(:
We still have some bulbs for sale today! Stop in and buy some spring color!
I feel like screaming
So! I could go all Austin on you!
Never forget cha
I think I should re-think this twitter thing. It really brings home how little I have to say.
I kept forgetting to tell you: Been dreaming about db and development for days now. :) have a killer day!
/: same here bro
read my TL. Had some fun this morning
Do your part. World Piece. www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
That picture is crazy!
*yawns* my TL is boring.
Day before race parade and already out of donuts and a lot of other stuff
Thx so much“: I love my armband. Everyday I am plugging my band in trying to beat yesterdays vigourous activity minutes”
RT if you think should do a song with just saying btw pharrell our weddings Tom. Don't be late boo ;)
Die as you fall is now on twitter!!! Cd is coming soon!!
Today's Insider Branding Secret: Repition creates expert status!
Hope everyone has on deoderant.
We can't move on until we realize the horrible past thar created the present.
Nope, I think your lying;-) I think you love being worked into the ground.
aww I hope u do
Locking down schedule as I have a deployment next week. Will DM you openings but always love morning coffee. :-)
Exactly RT : Not a damn thing RT FxckYouPayMe_: Tell me.... What can you really do with no money? Nothing.
Just bought Starbucks for $2>>>>>>
Thanks to for giving me the opportunity to perish in the Philly airport for 2 hours with no A/C instead of taking me to England!
#ChuckNorris once bet NASA he could survive re-entry without a spacesuit.
Clinging to a 2-1 lead, this is where Tortorella's system, which the #NYR have played all year, should pay off. NYR blocking shots, good D
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
Kobe may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the stomach. Chris Andersen may miss tonight's game cause he's sick in the head!
That awkward moment a kid wants to watch your favorite movie but you know how inappropriate it is!!
that's wonderful to hear! What kind of farm does your family have?
I lost the war on drugs cause I can't find my weed anywhere.
i'm doing it. sending in the contract today and getting married 10 months from today!!! so excited!
my 4th time hearing What Makes Youu Beautiful ^.^ <U+2661>
Happy Mother's Day!
Feels a little sick... I had McDonalds for the first time in months - the downside of road trips
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 6. I really want to see the movie "the Woman in black" like, REALLY BAD.
I'm asking for each performer 2 acts 5min max..
Twitter brake
Day 1: complete
All wrestling fans on the West Coast make sure you check out #IMPACTWRESTLING, its a great show. I should know I was sitting in the crowd!
Good, don't reply, it's not like it was important or anything
my soul is in fire right now ....
This being the cowboys you never now when to cheer. I've been a fan for years and when they have the groove they all have it
Life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head
What she said! RT : I missed #FF will happily state I have the BEST friends & family --ALL of u enrich my life!
you can break my heart in a seconds; but you can also make me forgive you in a second.</3
to the US btr+1D concert.
Just had a wonderfully nice interaction on ebay with a complete stranger. I love the holiday season, when everyone has joy in their hearts!
I know this really is our year for transformation! God has prepared our hearts and we're going after it!
feel me RT“: #Scorpio's are awake while they sleep.”
The get a walkoff win and move to 5-12 on the season. There's still hope!!!
yeah. Feels great don't it? -____-
I dont like Hollie Im not hating on her! I just dont think she sings that good thats all!
#reneerow211 is the bomb!!!!!
Just arrived in Colorado Springs. It's a balmy 25 degrees outside. Not snowing today, thankfully.
Joao Plata from #Ecuador in for Toronto FC #MLS scores 2 goals tonight hope to see him more this year
whatever works for you :)
#1FactAboutMe i'm running for President in 2016.
another good day on the recruiting front at Talking to smart people is such a rush.
Why do I always end up falling for men who live forever away?
Oh my goodness nicotine gum.
Bye twitter! But if you need anything, tweet me because im on that account more often! Bye (:
my wife feels i don't know how to use twitter correctly. will you help me?
Why not a PO box?
Coach class is nothing like business class; sometimes its worth paying to upgrade.smh
RT ! “: Dhs is always giving me detention like I go to them”
Playing with kids is like a game of improve that doesn't end until everyone has a bar mitzvah
Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you
Wow I understand the guys been crappy but booing in spring training is a bit much! Just my opinion! Keep him in minors if needed.
My favorite Björk quote says the same: "If there's no soul in the [electronic] music, it's because nobody put it there."
i agree. i'm addicted to both of those shows
#gossipgirl was actually kind of alright tonight. As much as I love the show, I can see it ending soon :(
CSG director calls for feds to show real commitment to intergov relations instead of just promoting talking points
“: You can count on it. I know from experience. #LLAP”
Subway sandwich with no honey mustard sucks.
The concept of YOLO isn't to go smoke n drink n make an ass of yourself! It's to go out and do something with your life that matters!
LOL Yes my fellow Libra!!
RT : e-portfolios work when there is time for reflection and growth analysis between student and teacher.
All is well my dear. i missed you...
words keeps crashing on my phone! Will get back to our game soon!
New Icon !1 What chu al think?
Twitter vehicles such as tweetmyjobs.com, twitjobsearch.com and tweetajob.com. All using twitter engine.
#THINGSTHATFRUSTRATEME BEING OVERLOOKED
Healthy hair would like to wish all twitter friends a safe 4th of July
Very Thankful!
Appreciate the RT
lol loving the name
Nice work team! RT : Congrats to for winning a Bronze Quill for com management/benefits com programs
wonderful news. and intriguing prospectus, too!
It's raining...It's pouring..we need the rain....but it's boring!
RT : "Lifted Boston" Tonight at Several special guests coming to support. One you have seen recently on NBC...
8 is definitely better than 12.
You get what you want. You win. I give up.
MorningJoke: Son: Mom why is my cousin names Diamond? Mom: Cause your aunt loves diamonds. Son: What about me!? Mom: Enough questions Dicky!
Until you actually meet Jesus, all you have is an opinion.
have you been outside? Too cold for you to win.
his daddy might.
was just about to tweet at you about this!! so excited!
i fucking hate it when u tell ur brother to fucking to something and all he does is seat in front of a tv and get fat
Stop paying for contractors. Hire gov employees with limited benefits or temporary for a fixed time.
#RawFast coming to a close - good experience. Lesson learned: more fruits and veggies. Gonna feel weird eating donuts + ice cream tomorrow.
Thanks For MCR
They're still out there.. it's just hard to find them nowadays.
Happy New Year to all Downtowner rlando & Lake Davis area. Catherine Steet
Thanks much! I do believe you get the dubious distinction of being my first 'reply' as I still am figuring out twitter! ;)
The Sun don't stop shining!!!
Pretty sure Tyler Perry's muse or Medea almost just hit my car
Glad to see the Pacers get that one.
Tapatio is the best hot sauce ever made
We're expecting a great turn out for our Power 20 event on Feb. 3...sign up before it's too late..go to baltimorebusinessjournal.com.
Love! RT : A mentor is someone who allows you to see the hope inside yourself. Oprah Winfrey
pretty much rocks
Speedos should be outlawed! Just got back from Venice Beach and I'm still having nightmares about them!!! Lmao!
It seems strange to me now that Sean Penn and Madonna were once married.
just started to use the seesmic tool!!!
#360PR recognized with honorable mention for best small agency to work for at tonight's #SABREawards. Go team!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Your branding includes the voice of your company. How's your customer service? Phone? Email?
RT : Asian Salad of Turnips & Radishes! Tasted as good as it looks! Sign up now for June 14 Cooking Class featuring......
I'm PUI, but the stream I'm watching switched to
Team never ceases to amaze me. I work with some of the most brilliant people in the business.
welcome back!
country must be country wide
Thanks for the RTs!
haha don't worry it was already scheduled in my planner!
well that's good izzy used to cry loud every night I hated it. At least he doesn't do that.
yea they were easy i got this ill come up with a better one
you are rocking so hard! Thrilled to hear the good news. Congrats!
On the 8th day, God created M&Ms. I'm just sayin'.
I hate my smile . And most of the time when I show it , it's not real . Im never actually HAPPY these days .
if u get food during the game n not commercials ur either in #advertising or ur from #WI and pissed the arent playing sadly Im both
Gearon is just jealous Garnett doesn't play for the Hawks.
what the fuck are you guys talking about?
I was throwing a tiny fit about this last night. Axl is an utter jack ass.
The new donut that we're introducing at Sunday's fills me with joy.
no one cares shut up
CAN MEN PARENT? Men CAN author Don Unger thinks so! Check him out at the Modern Times Bookstore, 888 Valencia Street in SF, CA 7/3 at 3pm
Wake me up before you go go go,
yea really
aww who u talking bout? Hopefully the girl u been talking to :)
Is Elton John a Gleek? Could be.
same ass trell but the white ones
love GAF! “: Happy Ghost Adventures Friday! RT this if you're excited for our new Return to Linda Vista episode tonight!”
Going to get another month membership at the gym 5 days a week for 4 weeks getting it in!!
If you were wondering I don't care if I have 1 or 1,000 at an event the impact is still the same. #getalife IJS
1st American, Kipling's Actions and Reactions. SAILBOAT ornament! Love me some pub. cloth.
When you notice that the girl who sits infront of you and always takes notes on her damn iPad now has a HUGE crack across the screen.
When bitch's lips be hella crusty >
Can't wait to see & Live on Saturday ! Hit me up for Table Reservations and Guest List Info!
Call me!
Badgers stun buckeyes in Columbus. Great big ten battle
FIVE has multiple Meditech projects throughout the U.S. Contact to discuss these opportunities.
Hilarious. RT : I can't look at a person on a Segway anymore without thinking of Gob Bluth.
I adore your sign. Do you happen to have a number for the guy? I could use it!
Good god some drunk old lady just stumbled into me saying how cute I am. Feel so dirty
Very Cool Globe University - La Crosse!
the sky
would you happen to have a tumblr?
is a cottage cheese chest as ma fucka
yess lets all go!
Chatting with David Murray with Moncur Associates about social media inside an ad agency.
MT Report shows women are ~50% of the workforce, they hold less than 25% of #STEM jobs. See for more stats.
Were open late Tonight & All weekend long Make an appt/ tweet us or just stop by 1738 Telegraph ave #Oakland #weave Full Male
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades
Put a fuckin body on Dunleavey!!!!!
that's where I got my car and truck!
lol I just have lots of shows I really really like :P
Am I doing the right thing, going back to school? It feels right as long as I don't think of the money.
Sitting in srt knowing you have work to do but ill pass and stare at the wall.
Red Hot Alert: We'll be on Living Social next Monday - the 28th - 5 classes for $25. Get 'em while they're hot!
Speak brother.
the mornings are always better than the nights. sunrises better than sunsets.
Hey Ladybird!
Performing tonight at 8:30 pm-Pasadena peeps come on out...or Glendale peeps...or Burbank...ok u get it.
so far a much better day today!
#USWNT getting fired up in the last minutes.
Up still watchin anoda movie cast away so far so gud dem other movies were gud too
Happy Friday! Remember to treat your customers like you want to be treated today.
i don't know why I didn't return your follow sooner... forgot how entertaining you are
Follow me? :)
punk goes pop vol. 3 november second?! that came outta nowhere. sweet!
TSOI-LA spent the evening checking out Point Juncture, WA. Great show!
Shut up daniele, always confused
So is tweeting so much of his session that I don't feel I'm missing anything not being in the room
“You Find Out Who Your Friends Are When You Need Help In Moving To A New Place.”
i agree
my sister knew a girl in school with that exact name.
time to rap! :]
I just got to use the phrase "altered timeline" in an email.
Protests on May 1, closed off major streets in Madrid. Police and security everywhere. Foreigners who work in Spain, say there are jobs.
I am powerful & driven! I refuse 2 let anything stop me from fulfilling my purpose!
Good morning world, make sure to stop by www.threadedtype.com and pick up some tees...
"Baby I just wanna danncee,I don't really care" you ready?!?
What in the world is inherently wrong w/ encouraging the cultivation of nurses who look like the communities they serve?
Getting outta school at 1045 due to no air conditioning :D
Happy mothers day, putting up with my Shit for 17 years had to be rough. Jk I'm am an angel
Happy New Years 2010! Party Time.
I hate seeing lazy ass pple leave they carts in parking spaces
#Romney: We once built the Hoover Dam, now we can't even build a pipeline.
A great #FlaPanthers season! And now Game 7! Thanks to #BelieveRed for making the NHL relevant again in this great hockey market!
that would be awesome let chat this week about something to kick off the new year
For broiled fish we have Fresh Water Eel, Boston Mackeral and Atka Mackerel. Just some suggestions. Call us at 614-273-0188 for questions.
too nice out to come inside and work.... picnic anyone!!!!!!
Watching footloose.(:
you are an amazing actor<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
pass the thanks 2 the other prejudicial supers. Know u made me :-) a real hero.
I am thinking maybe Wade Phillips can apply for the Colorado FB job.
Modesto is crackin right now, Latin Fest!!!
just unlocked a deal...nice feature...keep up the good work...
you are crazy and I love it :-)
Traffic cameras are rockin' and rollin' this morning. A windy, rainy start to our Thursday.
life is good! Thx 4 asking, Andrea. Music is keeping me busy-full speed ahead, no brakes!
Gong meditation tonight at yoga village....always perfect.
Thanks to my mom and the rest of my family love u guys
Thank you, Phil! You are kind and just!
Off to nj
Not kidding: I kissed the ground when I landed at CRW. .: either fly jets between CRW & IAD or just don't bother.
My husband got home right before Best Picture & asked aren't the #oscars over yet? I said its only been on 3 hours. Of course not!
Thanks for the shout-out! You guys rock
Great advice! RT : Don't SAY what is simple to SHOW
how's it going?
Aint nothin' but a gangster party
How my girlfriend begs me & kisses me not to leave, she's too much <U+263A><U+2764>
how the fuck did we give that one away
You know what? I'll be blastin some german music now. #np Cro - Intro
Don't watch hockey but Black Hawks win in ot good game.
Yea your right F dat! Ha RT : Your smarter then that ": I should hit the Casino Huh"
Convinced George Lucas Greedo should shoot first
heck yes
I love seeing clients like Peter Twohy out and about.
#oomf never has the guts to tell me what's up face to face!
KIE partners with firms to launch e-class - The Star
The drop bid system for Sharp Equity is up and running! This will position them to dominate the wholesale market. Congrats Team!!!
Girls need to start wearing age tags! Cause Nowadays girls ages are like asian people, hard to tell apart! -____-
Wow... just dancing in studio, the "Uncle Lukey Twitch" during Prince's Kiss...Wow!
DT staying the same. He hopes Dake moves up to wrestle him. My bet it is Dake stays where he is at. Not enough O to battle DT
#KimJongIl is dead. Speaking of censorship...Were 2 laws away from becoming North Korea.
pretty good <3 haha! I'm too lazy to use twitter on the computer haha!
Cry. Forgive. Learn. Move on. Let your tears water the seeds of your future happiness.
Signing locals kids generates more fan interest, its a win:win situation!
meh.. I could've figured that. Any guess on who goes for Joe?
Completely worn out today but I gotta keep plugging away! Good things come to those who go for it!
#JACUZZI Sometimes i pretend i've been held captive my witches who are trying to make human soup!
Drinking wine with Laura at Matador.
At the airport! Way too early...
confession...it has been MONTHS since my last pin.
Nice to meet you today!
hell yea!
Gah! just saw this! I had class at 9 this morning :/ P.S I SEE YOU!!!! :D
Commission breaks for lunch. Will reconvene at 1:40.
I glad you like the studio. its a great place to record
I hear ur headed to Paris - Ur rockstar lifestyle of traveling the world & living it up is starting to make me jealous
Aight! I'm about to call it a night, but I've got an idea or 2. Basically I can share my own sticking points. Hit u in the am!
2morrow i think i will try
#May day is my day!
what the.
In fixing glitch in my blog, reminded that my most useful grad school course-> HTML design. Practical tech skills are IMPT for our students
after a quiet week, crazy neighbor is playing music so loud I can't hear what I was listening to, at least it is the middle of the afternoon
Happy Birthday to :)
Yo man, if you're in Nashville for another day or so let's write together. Could be a blast. Stream of the show sounds great. Ed
(Missed you.)
I Hate when people but in Yo business and don't know what's going on but got plenty to say
I would if I could love!!!
It better not be windy again today. My park schedule has been messed up because of it. I'm on PO'd puppy without my park time.
Good thing you have me, Baby Ethan.
Well r a half breed bcos u look lyk a asian n ur name sound lyk typical bangladeshi name
Studio day.
Damn Mr. Barron still locked up man smh lol
in need of a new name!!
haha I will I am doing some more history studying first though. Why are you not asleep yet?!!?
my pleasure! should be done in a month or two. I've fallen in love with the book.
no guilt, whatsoever!
Damm I think I'm crashing In class :/
Me: I WON THE LOTTERY! Girl: OMG! Me: Pack your shit! Girl: what should i pack? Me: everything bitch you gotta go..” LMAO
Who's going to send a video to the #WhatMakesYouBeautifulContest?
Business is really picking up!! Keep it coming!
whoop whoop!
For the record, I'm still on that shit.
hahahaha yes Robert! Lol an my brother
Darn you Angry birds -___-"
I've been told im well advance for my age...!! ;)
: Wango Tango tonight...who's ready?
Worcester Park cat celebrates big birthday
slow motion for everybody
New lyrics posted - "Polarized" - link on Facebook.
It's mr steal ya girl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
it's my new favorite pic! & its clear over here...damn ur iPhone
I saw him today...and his legs >w<
Dex:Theoretically, you can't really complain if there's a pubic hair on your Everything Bagel. Me:Icky Dex:It's an EVERYTHING bagel! Me:0_o
Talking with today. Any questions for him?
"we're not telling you to stay home from work, but if you do, there are 16 NCAA basketball games on today."
Full house at the best week of the year for visual storytelling. Happy to be in San Marcos again this year!
And I'd rather be pushin' flowers then to be in the pen sharin' showers
Even though they have shorter sleep cycles than adults, newborns typically spend more time in active (REM) sleep.
Let's go to a titty bar or Hooka bar tonight!
this announcer is terrible. That goal call was just bad. We couldn't find better? Give me instead please.
can probably comp u. Otherwise $12 or $15
RT How different would our lives be if we prayed SunStandStill Prayers daily? Truly believe God 4 the IMPOSSIBLE
;P true hunter UTG 4X32 Extra Long Eye Relief TS Compact Scope with Airsoft Rings
Great night of fun at the fair. Now back to work.
#BeautifulDay and perfect weather for car sales!
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
WTF is the hunger games!? I've never heard of it till I watched the news I saw it breaking records.
Congrats to the SD Girl Scouts for their successful Cool Women Luncheon! Inspirational women who give back are being honored!
Great meeting with of Thank you for your time.
How old were you when you first jumped on a trampoline?
I cant think of any ideas.
i might hire someone whose first email to the agency starts a meme.
its usually not this late in the year
Hahaha !! I will send it to her !! Je t'aime ma cousine !!
it's okay it's really effin sore :-/ but thanks
:D Thank you! We're glad you found us. Keep in touch!
It's really great that Bass Pro does this for kids. They're Christmas celebrations are awesome too! :-)
I don't know who would play J Lo. I don't think she would be a believable actress even if she was playing herself on a Lifetime original.
I don't want to Wear skies that has wings on them
OH MAN GOT MY MINECON CAPE I AM SO HAPPY
You can do better than that
- yes, it would seem that way... But people (and animal friends) are not always what they seem...
I am THE most excited person for this summer!!!!
Thanks for following me!
Please forgive me for asking, as I feel ignorant. Where did this happen? I haven't heard of weather this strong.
Every guy or girl on Twitter that LOVES sexy,hot girls should be following !! So F@#king HOT!!!!
If you can't stand for something then lay down so people can walk all over you.
Annoying that I can't curse online cause my bro will snitch
just setup this morning
I want it! tweet to all muscle car guys and they will see it! or tell you're looking to buy and they'll see it! powerful
Morning dolls. Must keep moving. Dont want to be on the sideline watching while others make progress. Focus + Positive thought = Completion
My nephew learned to stick out his tongue last week. Best Facetime ever!
Bosh just watchin the game 2nite
Canes would sure be nice right about now
Good question. It really depends on the glycemic index of the fruit. Not all fruits are created equal.
okay upstair's neighbor: Cee Lo Green's F*CK YOU is a good song, but not 30 times in a row good.
plus his last name is crazy hard to spell
Thank you for coming here and not leaving empty handed!
Ok,so they will bring him in a mask...lol choke slamming everyone,either that or he needed some time off.
If you gots the poison, I gots the remedy.
One more to 300.
Lamenting the end of Hey Girl, its Pearl Ryan tumbler.
Bout 2 go 2 sleep full and high...
Every little thing is gonna be alright
greeny has been on this convo for 4 hours
Take this life and let it shine.. Your will, your way. Always.
Den tonight?
Ooh ooh I wanna be Lady Deathstrike and played by Kelly Hu!
SUCH A HOTTIE
RT “: The Yankees and Red Sox are both 0-2 this season for the 1st time since 1980.” ---> Wow that's a stat
Did you meet Kevin Spacey backstage #hhawards ? Ask him to come to the ballroom to meet us little people. ;-)
RT #Goog+ less social more about having people use full circle of apps: think collaboration
have a great graduation seniors 2010!!!!!! =]]
the party is coming to NH. details soon...
The Greater University & Fremont Chambers of Commerce helped to put on tonight's event. We love our neighborhood chambers!
subway sounds so good right now.
you just plug it in and pull the orangey red lever
I've never been to washington haha
Happy Canada Day to my many Canadian friends!
Nah. Our tailgate is located on the grass along the tennis center. No parking lot for us.
SEP hosts a heart to heart cultural exchange: The session was part of a five-hour International Focus on Teen Culture event organized...
definitely.. And watching playing and coaching are all completely different and it takes certain types to be able to do it
catching up, and I think trying to get away from me at the same time, oi!
Saw We Bought a Zoo for the second time today.. is the most adorable thing !! <3 great actress too!
reports on a Memphis Ignite user who suggested the successful #Memstorm hashtag we could try similar idea.
If we put aside that nobody is actually excited, nobody watches and nobody goes, then...yes.
Congrats on the donation you received!
“: NYC get ready for a smashing set tomorrow night at Bowery Ballroom, goes on at 9pm! - The I.R.S. Man”
So much to do So little time And y'all wonder why I sleep for a good minute whenever I can.
Ugh so dumb!
NEW ON THE SMALL PLATE MENU: Tartare of Slagel Family Farm Beef, Raw Quail Egg, Capers, Pickled Shallot, Rye Toast, Spicy Chili Aioli
aww sorry I guess it really hurt your feelings
Robby introduced me to it, but I don't think of him when I watch it :P
Aww you are the sweetest! Thank you I love you!!
Be very careful of who you give your body to.. chances are a year from now you'll realize how unworthy they really were
TKC men's basketball game tonight at Pratt Institute!
Listening to CBS FM 101.1 WCBS New York City online. I think I heard the f-bomb on an ad about a town with a name close to that. Gee, NY!
To manage stress, the ultimate goal is a balanced life, with time for work, relationships, relaxation & fun. Have you achieved this balance?
ugh! Never fake that, take all the help in life you can get. That is how you grow as a person and gain sanity. Been there...
#TheBestRapperAlive MAKE IT A TRENDING TOPIC!!!! ITS A GOOD ONE!!
have a good weekend, my friend!
Jersey Shore season 3 in december get ready! Back in jersey, Hell yeah I'm pumped!
You killed it Adele. Welcome back. Sweet soul woman.
Excited to host #NSMN #SportsTacklesCancer event tonight at HouseofBlues Chicago! #SportsBiz industry has raised thousands for cancer in '09
pheww! thanks so much lol!please encourage your followers to follow the one and onlyFIRST OFFICIAL JADEN ARMY <3
Milla Jovovich although I don't care for the RE series I still watch it...
For those wondering what happened to my envelope of receipts: the station agent says someone will retrieve it! Soon!
Thank god it's the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Did an awesome job. Made me really want to see some upcoming shows
not to bad it's beautiful out here in mi
Today's pick: exemplifies The #LatinaEffect. A Latina making a positive effect on our community.
i did
I like how wade tried to kick bynum knee doe
Prayed for the conference this AM
My body is so sore! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
thx for the follow Chris
faces on t-shirts. I do that.
Gonna change my picture to #CoLS book cover for tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
happy birthday girl
Can we un-allow the standards to stifle that...Can we make that change?
Relapse+ recovery= redemption
Damn man...even Sloth had a TV to watch in the basement
maybe bring a lawn chair with you?
wonder why...
Any thoughts of playing Posada at first?
So, are you sticking with your 'New Year's Resolution'?
Any fun weekend plans?
My mother always whispers words like "birth control" and "tampons"
Good! It was a stupid and totally unnecessary things to put in the show!
The family is one of nature's masterpieces.
Come to the Blazers please Deron.
You're welcome! I've stopped by before-- was a guest #ThisIBelieve reviewer in my ENG110 class so I've said hi to her. :)
I'm assuming that changed your life forever?
Thx!! RT : Nice reconnecting w/ Karen Mack of ! Love "Found LA" program & look forward to partnership w/ Mayor's Office!
We're sending out a freebie for Friday the 13th! Join our mobile club and stayed tuned! Text SUNSET to 55800!
Tour Oregon is a wrap!!! Where will we land next?!?!?
Merry Christmas car! You're gettin' new tires today!
Thanks for the Europe article and lo and behold looks like they are making progress today:)
its hard cuz u run out of things quickly
If you guys had comprehensive docs and guide or a chat room where people answered questions I'd love to use it.
good afternoon!
Has anyone ever been to buddha bar?
what's the deal w/companies like crest toothpaste saying "follow us on twitter!" in their commercials? who's gonna do that?
Nothing like a pawn on the rise.
Where is you?
Currently looking at the Downtwon LA Film Fest to submit Colfax to.
ok! Thanks!
Going to see and tomorrow!!!! Cant wait to see u guys :)
I have 2 games next week!! (:
Fucking stupid ass Freshmen. How hard is it to fucking follow SIMPLE CPR directions?
WAS I UNDER A ROCK omg...
Good god that was depressing!!!! #seeprevioustweet Maybe Calabria radio is in order. Going to run off the ick.
When makes me cry with random 5 page long texts <3
My pleasure!
Sitting in empty new apartment waiting for movers
Yes, of course! love your Iceland photos too. I am going in May :D
I think you mean MY dude, and yes, he rocked the sound system last night! Super proud
Finding I really enjoy listening to Adele & Duffy
HEADED TO CHURCH... <3 MERRY CHRISTMAS TO ALL & U ALL HAVE A BLESSED DAY!! <3
Swinging and reliving my childhood with (:
Way way nick jonas trending
I guess #FortWayne didn't have the #Baals. They named the building #CitizensSquare ... lame!
u commin to my show the 19th??
Thanks! So are you! MT #FF the most epic they are great friends too :)
I approve RT I would kill for the Nats crowd to just start chanting "Let's go Devils!" right now.
Thank you! We look forward to it
If u were the grass and i was the dew,i'lld fall every night to be next to you <U+2665>
Like your picture
: Motion to adjourn our meeting. I'll need one of you to second so it's not open indefinitely.
Mother's Day Tea Party–Sun, May13, 1130am-1230pm $5 -Celebrate our park's history & enjoy high tea. Reg reqd by May10.
the iPhone 5 is rumored to be coming out in October but it could get pushed back further for all I know
where you at?
19: Giving away 2 tix to sat nights game in NE plus airfare & hotel! RT this & follow me and !!
this joint gon be crazy yo! gotta thank God
“: .“: And the bus bully strikes again. #ihatethisguy” ---who is that?” this dude on the bus who acts like a bully
Going to bed now. Its been a long day! <3
She said SOME Beliebers. Calm the hell down.
The Toadies sucked.
Idk how my phone is working. God loves me.
Out of all the people I know, I have a few really good friends. I'm ok with that because they make up for all the one's that wasn't.
Thanks, Bob!
You two awesome designers should meet irl sometime if you already haven't. :)
Working on some new designs... Flyers, 2 websites, a mixtape cover and more! - MWWdesigns.com
: yess.. yess they are.! Lolz =) & well why don't you.?
Jesus will cleanup the floor of our Soul, spray a little salvation refresher, & take Satan outside to do His business Continued next tweet
Katherine been trying to get her out for many months
would you be interested in interviewing young midas?
Bravo -- Inside the Actors Studio -- Mad Men.
Walk up in a room full of strippers, all eyes on me.
3/6 ap tests done. can't wait til this weekend
Last #PCUS panel today on implementing #4profit IT, feat. leaders from Tweet us your Qs!
Quick bite to eat before the show starts .
UVa's had multiple starters injured. If they lose a few games down the stretch does the tournament committee consider this?
Jason ass a bitch!
Finally finished cleaning my room!!... at 2:51 am... #teamnosleep :(
Um, let's not push it. I'm a redhead and everyone knows they bring bad luck! :)
Bruschi was a solid,hard-playing linebacker but an over-opinionated commentator
#ItsFriday Pass me the bottle & the shot glass ... And turn up the music
Sunday's meeting time updated: arrive at 9, game design jam and extra sessions start at 9:30. Unconference ends at noon.
Lol my cousin told me I look Jamaican :P Do I? *Shaking my dreads* lol
umm i have no idea yet!but i will go back somsday!:)
i am the best
Julian-Yellow oh and Jared-Green
It was decided that I'd tweet it b/c I'm the one who doesn't know you. Specifically to make it kind of creepy.
- let me try Proto on his tablet and it rocks. Super easy to use and create with it.
Aw shit just got comcast hi speed internet in my Vegas castle. The break is over I'm bak promo hard !!!!
I was going to say...seems early for you too
who lost teeth? Lol
Happy Mother's Day to all who qualify!
Im not on my way yet.. Still getting ready
Haha!! No problem..... You know you chuckled when you read it!
Goodnight and yea it's because of the same thing :P lol
You better win this now darn it
yup....should be very interesting.
tweet! It was fun seeing you guys! Let me know when ur in town again ;)
congrats on the run.. nice to see the rungood go to the good guys :)
In Iowa... Nothing but corn and cold weather!
oh ok
Married less than a year, together for 11yrs. Who knew we'd get past 11 days. Lots of love to :)
Yeah - saw it. Wasn't sure what to think. Just ran down to KY-about to hit the gym and then settle in! Same old! Miss u!
"Time isn't telling me a thing - it's playing with my heart." ::the bridges::pieces::
This weather is so so so nice!
Great first day at #Socap11 today - very inspired by all the energy and forward thinking folks around
<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> Climax song from (Usher Raymond)
new to the menu tonight: chicken wings with celery root remoulade and bentons ham, whitefish brandade, mushroom/dandelion/fresh cheese tart.
ha I was walking!
Can I be the 7th person you follow on Twitter? 7.2 maybe? I'll settle for 7.3 and that's my final offer!
I got this thing in my heart called fear none
I miss you to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Is there a red-lined version?
shift your culture.
Lets go bills
just did
have you ever needed someone so bad?? I just wanna be on the show
The word "Mulligan" sounds like the name of a whimsical cartoon seagull.
So, I was promised #margaritaville after the second encore..... Come on, audience, don't let me down.
Yep! We are having a show at Area 702 Skatepark on March 10th and another one in the making. :)
Dude nice! Its a close game man!
Thanks to lovely hair new followers please follow for unprofessional tweets
my order is scheduled for delivery on monday. fingers crossed for an early arrival on friday- want them for the weekend!
": I shine we all shine"I eat we all eat!!!!
Can you do me a favor ; Look at this& give Me feedback? it Would be helpful, thankyou. # www.prepaidlegal.com/hub/bonds95
I wish someone would devise some sort of contraption for keeping track of engagements.
hmm very valid points you make. Perhaps I need to work more on toning down the hangovers so I can have bfast.
NOW THERE'S A NASCAR DRIVER!!!
I swear I bowled a 114 last night... I swear
the story bout the Nats puttin icy hot in Strasburg's jock strap yesterday is HILARIOUS. Definitely explains why he got ROCKED by the Padres
Dolly Parton wrote the song in 1973
wait I saw that picture. I may have known one.
knee surgery yesterday. Housebound with a cat who isn't much of a conversationalist!
I am fused / just in case I blow out / I am glued / just in case I crack out
are y'all hiring?lol
The Walking Dead was the best one yet!!!!!
The wooly mammoth look looks good on ;)
PSA: Instagram is not photoshop it's not gonna make your face look better.
I want taco bell!
I was wondering when that snow was going to drop and just when I got comfortable it starts to fall. Spring needs to hurry up.
Jk I don't litter
follow me
Morning workout before work.
Best thing about working at a library while preparing for a move - BOXES!
skype with my lil LA shorty it's been a minute
Aftermarket or Custom wheels? Anyone have any preferences?
Blah fish for dinner, not my fav. #iwant enchiladas ;D
Let's play "tomorrow's headline". I'll start: PREZ IN GAY FLIP FLOP FLAP
Rediscovering a lot of things I forgot.
#BigBlueWreckingCrew Lets go boys!
no prompt, it can be anything thing we want.
Good lol RT : is that good, bad, or sarcastic???
"Birds flock, but eagles fly." ~ Solomon
Yes, it is so sweet!
Freelance graphic designer for print, web, and branding. Online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
I usually skip them if I get to frustrated and come back to them... If I ever do lol
Just found out my mom's Dr took her leftover pain meds to Haiti. So cool!
Thanks Pax RT : Amazing time meeting all the NYC Turing Fellows candidates tonight. Super smart and ambitious! /via
Austin went to preschool w Sebastian, and Cam's at preschool w/Benji. It's a coop, so we're all in each other's business. :)
Oh My Two Dads was great...
OH loooowwwd!!! I'll add more
Be in prayer for me tonight as i bring the word tonight!:) HE>i John 3:30
I love how Zayn Malik has a huge gay following just because he's completely flawless and has amazing looks.
Step it up a notch Detroit!
the king decided to wear his crown tonite turible turible news for the spurs(in my barkley voice!)
hipsters need to be removed
You are awesome! Your support does not go unnoticed! RT : I was one of her first fans to "like" her on FB!
Congressman Sensenbrenner is pushing his REAL ID scam again. If you would like to join the opposition coalition, I can put you in touch.
Today's Menu: Meatloaf Muffins, mac& cheese, cookies, maple bacon donuts
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!14
Cher you are my idol ! It would be a dream come true if i could meet you one day!! xx
yeah i'm still trying to figure it out. 1 or 2 works
Thanks for the retweet, it's great that more people will hear about Thomas Prescher and his timepieces.
Hit a dumb fuck with nun chucks then dump em in a dumptruck,you riggedy run up you're diggety done up when my guns up!(das efx flow lol)
good luck 2nite really missed U last season blessings 2 U & Ricki :)
More tragedy for the Kennedy family :(
RT if no one understands you.
Anothha bitch.! Soo I'm not gone just stay in a relationship knwing tht..id be fcckn stupid to stayy riqqht...?
look whose talking and I had a rough night
Today in 1979, Andrew Lloyd Webber opens #Evita on
are you coming to lower Manhattan? The local 6 to Harlem is too far away.
what! Roof top that
Pedicure on lunch... Ah relaxed
the street names of drugs are just getting weirder and weirder..
never easy to make the "hard call" but those calls pay off long term
One of the most truly bizarre things I've ever seen on Twitter is happening right now at (via everyone)
I live in the midwest
Thank you both for sharing my report; hope you found it useful!
thanks Diana
yup. I think we can do it.
“: avi cute” thanks love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
i fucking love you night best friend<333
Hahaha why u insulting the race?!? Lmaol
Scratch that: whole site is down. I assume you know, but just in case.
def live life up its too short friend died wed good die young
Not feeling that Redskins jersey :(
Come to the #anatomy education and career workshop on Saturday at #AAPA2012, 2-3:30. Snacks and great advice!
Pizza, Beer, Wings, Beer, And our special of the day! What time will you be in? Thursday Night Football too
Whats up world? I'm just living life. Keep your head up if it's down..... Make your smile disrupt your frown.
"Error establishing a database connection" is my porn name
RT RT : African American women make 62 cents to the white male dollar, at a loss of $19,575 per year.
“: I suppose now I have to tune in...unlike any other day haha” like clockwork baby :)
I wanna go see my mamaw she knows how to make me happy.
and no, I won't try to fuck your boyfriend. I am way too cool for him.
which movie?
“: There are three things the human brain cannot resist noticing -- They are food, attractive people and danger.” ^^ my life
give me shout out :3<3
Tami deleted her twitter. When this happen....
I felt like I needed to do warm ups today in order to jump in and get all of my stuff for today done
Greetings, Brick!
- o damn haha well shidd I got a couple homies that way too
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh with 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2, but only love 1
Cannot wait to get our "drank" on.
God day today! The earthquake made it even better
Thanks so much ! I had a pretty great day :)
Me and cockblocked some people trying to get it on in their car last night.
Watching Gods and Generals. Stephen Lang: two different characters, same story?
get it
lol..i guess i have no choice..lol..where are u?
thanks for the RT. I'd live to catch up next time I'm in LA. Hope you both are doing really well!
my face is burning. I look like rudolph the freaking red nosed reindeer.
My head hurts really bad and I can't get up
Hashtags. While all of you out there are asking "Why?" My response is simple. "Why not?"
Wow, Sports Direct @ St James's Park drops the St. James's Park, good job Mike Ashley, way to spend your good-will reserve
Many people these days seem open minded and like more than 1 genre of music!
Do you like going to the movies? (: i do.
I love your tweets. RT : I was 210 when I was pregnant all ass n tits
Brother in Sonoma says "hot and dry" -- then again, he's... unusual.
studying for my last exam before spring break. Wish it was done already :(
in college really wanted to study Nuclear Bishion, but he was too #Bishious on the field.
thank you and for making my car rides more enjoyable :)
Taught Boellstorff's 'Coming of Age in Second Life' last night. Homo cyber: human beings are already virtual beings.
is trying via on Twitter to win this this all-in-one PC by way of #winanion on www.nvidia.com/ion
Watching some of Paris-Roubaix. Hearing and makes me so excited for July!! Love.
#Kylestock is quickly approaching. Make sure you buy your presale ticket, which go on sale tomorrow, so you don't miss out! RT!!
hows the new job
NEW PROFILE LOOK !! :D
sloppy joe. no cookie
#NP Arnej - They Need Us (Original Mix)
Wow! Almost like the tattoo artist who inked a pile of shit on his ex-g/f's back.
#3wordsofadvice She TO YOUNG
In Limine => On the threshold, at the very outset
Small island nations commit to new steps at UN forum to reduce fossil fuel use
I still want part of nebula as a tattoo, but haven't been able to figure out how I could do it and have it come out well.
you're gunna catch a cold, from the ice inside your soul.
Mizzou probably smells like a strip club during the weekends.
only one on the 21st the other three is either on Wednesday or Friday. I will keep you posted. You work nights?
next you going to be calling your self
My texting bubby feel asleep on me...#hoe'd
RT : I promise to give bakk to everybody that hold me down when I make it...
Worst hair on : Zusi, Convey, Kamara.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
Hey look even follows us now. We are behind or maybe we just need to get Jake to use his account.
ME TOO. I have 0 patience ok
My body aches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>...Plans 4 tomorrow: SPA! #NoteToSelf <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Nice presentation on Flower Cfrom camp from and in
oh no! I hope the rain obeys your commands!! >_<
ill try for next weekend
u dated Brian adams? Of all people...
Everybody knows it sucks to grow up
#Fridaythe13th let's get weird
I love I'M DYING<3
Let's sing with the intention of healing the waters of the places where we life! Thursday 22 7PM Tidal Basin Wasington DC!!
CONGRATS!!!!!!!! U R FANTASTIC KELLIE!
Ah -- It's 8:06 and I still need to get ready for work
special shout out lov the products #Durable &
i dont hate you.....
In the great white north...not too white this time of year!
At Harvest Crusade at Angel Stadium. Watch live
When one door closes another door of opportunity always opens! Houston's Attractions is and always be on our Grind in the world of Promotion
I am immoral awww yeah.
we need to hang out son:)
Justin Bieber: Holiday Album
have fun tonight!!! See you in Brisbane!! CANNOT WAIT!!!! <U+E415><U+E415><U+E415><U+E415>
Do you have a mantra you repeat to yourself when things get tough? Please share with me!
If I had the drunken anger of Mel Gibson, I'd start a hardcore band.
Eva Mendes will you marry me?
Inspired by all of the amazing people I met at my first conference
Yeah, living on the NW side sucks. I'm going to have to go downtown, aren't I...
Wow. Sunshine, a cold draft beer , and a bucket of local oysters can change your day!
In Ross looking for old people clothes.
Guess its back to sleep for me until bout 12
Hey tweeps, been a great year. Couldn't have done it w/o ur support & fanhood. Let's keep it up!! cc:
Shoot me your email and I can send you a comprehensive itinerary
I want a Google+ invite! Anyone got a spare for me?
do you disapprove because you dont like Taylor or because fake fans will starting liking him just bc of her?
It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most clever, but the one most responsive to change.
Finally. A part of modern prostitution.
No problem, thanks for the add!
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
When your best friend thinks I switched her for him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><<<<<<<<<<
and the TRANNYS come out at midnight!
That's exactly why the SC doesn't want cameras in court. Out of context sound bites. BUT reading an entire opinion is BORING!
Our life is what our thoughts make it. Marcus Aurelius
Pop enthusiast.
Is the Wacom Bamboo Fun pen/tablet any good, do you know? I would like to get my first pen device for my new Mac.
I told my friend I would oovoo with her at 4 after I'm done in the shower. Looks like thats not happening...
Wishing everyone a FABULOUS St. Patrick's Day Weekend! How are you celebrating?
Well, half way done with today.
Clue #6: The contest winner is from the the state of Florida
of course nigga
it was actually.. thanks to my Creaclip purchase :D
- it could be a few things. Do you need to download 64bit driver? Is you dongle for version 8.9? We'll get 2 the bottom of this.
Stubborn - too stubborn though I know it ain't good.
Bleed Hoya blue? Think cancer sucks? Follow for exciting updates from Georgetown's Relay For Life.
Photography creates new realms for the artist # photography
Thats a sign a symbol of the truth within your heart
Have something you want to let Moms know about? Send us your press releases and pitches to !
RT : Props to Andrew Bynum for a 20 point 30 rebounds game against the spurs.. Dude was beastin out
good luck #vineyardvines with the #hingham #derbystreet opening, so excited for all of you!
To re ! ...dinner & drinks after an opera February... (Something to look forward to. Sorry it bothered you!)
How much did that cost you? What did it taste like? Was there a toilet bowl on the bottle?
Ms play with no pelotas y huevos
is so happy Jesse got the internship!
I have mixed feelings on this lol. On one side ew/weird on the other, I want to test this myself now..
Hmm... My computer is having trouble reading my Snow Leopard install DVD. WTF?
Another Nuggets home game is tonight! See them dominate the Sacramento Kings tonight at 9 p.m. ET.
Yeo fuck I can't believe I'm already on summer break
Why me
first tweet from new MacBook Pro!
hey bumpa baby!!!! What it do for you today!?
#fail #truth MT : "in hilarious news -- I just accidentally tweeted what supposed to be a text to my mother?" --
Thanks for all the new "likes"! It means a lot to us. Feel free to post on our page and let us know what you would like to see more of.
in a mood
Groups will hold vigil as Supreme Court hears discriminatory AZ law. Wed. April 25, 11:00 AM. Polk St. steps of SF City Hall
Nigga, who are you.
women's half marathon here we come!!!
Chilling for some Quality Matters rubric training. Looking forward to using it with the Impact Grants
As if justin bieber one direction and big time rush weren't enough my 10 year old daughter is making me watch japanese boy band videos SMH
I still don't fully understand how smart, or even moderately sensible persons become idiotic and overly impressionable people when joined
Aww hell! Its Friday! Trouble time
personally, I love chocolate milk :)
one place I can see myself in the future=
Aww I miss you too and what's up with all the hospital visits... you make me worried <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Day 47 of 100: I am thankful for learning how to change my mind.
Good Morning! Sipping my chocoate frosty #Shakeology - prepping for to build my body w Asylum Strength! How is ur morning?
David Rose at #ideaseconomy : "the US bankruptcy laws...enables entr'ship - not the case in the UK - failure = bad"
k cool, Nonna's ?
i don't have time to wait till Friday for Friday.
good good! writing lots :) work soon x(
why can I not follow you? :(
you know it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
"Now I see the secret of making the best person: it is to grow in the open air & to eat & sleep with the earth."~Whitman. Sleep well, yogis!
My husband is so cute when he tells me "stop shopping for the new house". He says it like he thinks I'm listening.
Killed it tonight!!!!!
Ow throat go suck a dick.
Out of class early
A5: All leaders need to be visible to be seen and to be seen to be effective. —Ian Jackman
indeed indeed indeed...
How serious is it that you wanna shoot & kill someone?
About to go down the rabbit hole. Pray for peace and self awareness. This could be a long journey. I love this world and everyone in it.
Impossible is just an excuse not to start: 5.03 mi run with a pace of 11'23"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Too stiff of a penalty for OSU. Fuck NCAA
This LeBron's 1st playoff game at MSG. He better score 50+
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
Anyone else in Milwaukee (who is stuck inside working) wishing they could just move their desk outside?
Women are like the police. They can have all the evidence in the world, but they still want the confession.
i need a new agent MINE SUCKS
Totes... RT : I guess Conaway's $ issues are bad enough she needs to lie about residency for tax purposes AND sue.
Good Night have a good sleep and justin bieber will kiss you good night<3
Feeling so loved , thanks for the birthday wishes !! :)
Oh yeah. I'm eating duck right now. Fuck you <3
- Post something and your entire group of "Followers" will see it. use the "@" sign to send private message.
Watching and blogtv!!!
The hotter it is, the more still I am. 83 inside doesn't feel so bad if only my fingers are moving (typing). Did the pioneers know this?
No matter how in shape you are , the school stairs are always a killer ..
we would shout at the drop of a hat! now they definition of shoutin is them doin the "duggy"....God ain't in that!!!!
And on the Noir side-Ralph Meeker.
don't forget obama v boehner.
Haha. Let me get some! This shit will bug me all night.
Followed , can you give me a shoutout ??
“: Not gonna lie, it sucks that I feel like I have to pay 50 dollars just to go see some old friends.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
thanx for the follow
I love ... Everyone has a favorite DMB song and it's never the same as yours.
Another perfect Pinkberry day!
ok we all ne to #stopbullying because what if that was ur brother or sister or even ur friends was getting bullied u would want to stop ...
Muscle over import. #Retweet if you agree
Yes please soon!Ill txt you! : Gracias mi vida(: I miss you :( we need to hang out!! <3 RT : Bella Jackie!! <3
WARNING: this film MAY contain nudity. Either there is or there isn't, don't waste my time.
Where is YGS#21? It's supposed to be EVERY DAMN FRIDAY.
Hey Lance , have you performed at all since you left the Monte Carlo? if so where .
Independent artists make a more diverse music scene!!!
give Chip & Dale a hug for me!!! :)
Watching Empire Strikes Back with the crew. :)
I did it again. Washed down sinus meds with Red Bull. When will I learn? Now, I have to run around outside until my heart explodes.
You owe it to everyone you love to find pockets of tranquility in your busy world
“: Rihanna's video "We Found Love" has been banned in France for encouraging 'self destructive behavior.'” that it'strue?
What should I wear today?
Why does everyone have nissan sentra's?
RT Driving to Southampton. ETA 3:00 PM using Waze - Drive Social
Christmas carols playing in Rite Aid
Thank you. I had a blast. It was great scanning the insightful #wifilmfest gang each day. The final installment is near!
Thanks for following, Amy. I trained as a nurse way back when at St. Joe's in Phoenix.
good morning (: wow the weather ist hoot (:
Muhahahaha! So glad I deactivated my #Facebook account a year ago. Everyone is talking of switching to twitter cuz of the changes. SUCKERS!
according to the AP, the choice "Other" is currently leading Jon Huntsman by 20 votes.
Wow, what a great Mother's Day experience!
Will mobile commerce destroy traditional shopping habits or is there a place for both? Is it what we want?
thanks for funding Workforce Intermediary. Let's
it might get LTE. Super fast speeds with the iPhone.
All that other shit is irrelevant.
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
What happened to the '' los ramblin rebel rousers de cincinnati? ''
You know you're well rested when you wake up before your alarm :) Glad I slept early English AP here I come
Since my muffler fell off, I can't hear the tunes. -
Are you going to visit ?(;
lol sounds like u had fun
New Gretsch Catalina drumkit now available for use in the studio! Pictures coming soon...
Probably going to Evike today to get some stuff for my loadout!
where is mike Cameron
Improbable research: the Sherlock Holmes effect: Or, why you can't rely on investigative tricks when you study t..
Channel surfing last day coverage between ESPN - FSC right now is like taking Megan Fox for a date then waking up next to Rosie ODonnell.
morning beautiful
Liberty University, where you can have liberty so long as you're not liberal.
Lol, those kids should really stop trying to change the world, don't they know it's just going to end in 7 months anyway?
Driving next to a family and all of them are smoking cigarettes...
I think my right eye lid is bleeding :( and is dying o no?! Was to do? I need a medic! Wats the numba for 911!?
Wow - love the new look!
Okeechobee, FL... I would ask you but I assume it's Tallahassee cause I seen your tweet bout headin home today...
This 84 InTouch mag is amazing-Basically gay porn but w/ articles about LA punx, Black Flag, Sisters of Mercy, Pete Burns, Cocteau Twins
lol shut up :p
The chairs n this waiting room r 2 tall & my feet r dangling. I seriously cant b this short. Considering sitting at the kids activity table
PS... Twitter is for passive aggressiveness
happy hour till 9m $2 Miller bottles, $1 PBR & $3 TALL rails. PACKERS kick off. That is great to say, feels right. Cheers
Maddening how soft Bynum is going at the basket, even at the best of times.
“: You know that you're best friends when you can hear their voice in your head while reading their texts"
Just handled Zay Mula on that Madden 12 Ray Ray and the Ravens 17 philly 0 Def win championships
Boo! How's life with the britts?
My thing is Unity, point blank. Conservatives, Liberals, everyone ultimately should be United in these United States.
just a peek
I might actually be social enough to drag myself to #SacTweetUp as my alter ego. Which means I get to meet you, right? I'm excited!
Paypal is a blight on intelligent civilization. Worst user experience ever.
Hey stylist, time to weigh in. RT : What’s the one product you cannot live without?!
Asylum Blackout at Gateway next Friday wanna check it out?
Got the update re PHX. Sad. Why not meet at a park? We have a few parks here that have plenty of parking and hangout space.
RT : We had a great time at last night's presidential reception-the largest alumni event in history!
Sometimes it lasts in love, but sometimes it hurts instead!
dog, walk thyself
they crazy just like you lol
Can I have some? Got some student loans to pay
haha. this tweet is hilarious. i learned recently that back in the day you did a play w my pal Bryant Mason.
who's your dad? :o
thanks! I changed it. You haven't gotten one lately? I followed a link someone sent me and it looked officiall
S(he) wan(was ok with that)ted sex
I'm confused trying to follow the logic here.
"a grip of" or "grippa"
excited about the fact that cell space is still open and that un-ironic skate night happens there.
Preparing for spiritual warfare is necessary for the believer... Success happens when you call on Jesus and follow his commands!
Dieng for three?
Can someone please come up with a weight limit for skinny jeans 0_0
Following back fam.
in other words - fuck diamond!
There's really no point in even trying to go back to sleep anymore.....
You can read more about the workshops at www.HowToModel.com. Hope you can attend the workshop.
R.I.P. Whitney Houston
im accually on my computer:D
#Comcast mail is down.
Going jogging for 40 minutes, then getting in my sit ups.
yesterday was quite dramatic... i think my mom is on the verge of a nervous brake down =(
This music is like music to my ears. This coffee tastes like delicious coffee. All is right in the world.
Congrats on the new addition. Just wished it was a day later to share a bday with Ashley Judd. Haha
in LMNL annotations can be marked up and can have metadata inside it.
Have to get up at 5am tomorrow morning :/ so not looking forward to this 4 hour drive
Hello hello. I been doing this thing since the get go get go
"Market yourself as a multi-tool."
Well those could be taken out of context. :)
I have started to add a process engine to Canappi and I can certainly share some thoughts
Feeling like a huge dork. Super excited to #SpotTheShuttle today!
Africa stand up. Headed to Evashia Mwikhali's "Nimchoka" so pumped right now.
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to #CovertTU tomorrow!
ultrasounds can be difficult to obtain in short notice, so it's really awesome that you're getting yours so quickly.
gotten success written all over my face
RT Listening to deadmau5 and looking for a dead mouse --> rad.
"i guess you can't judge a book by its lipgloss" thank you werid creepy guy in this show im not sure of what your name night made
76ers better beat the celtics tonight <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Well, I was going to try Instagram since the Android version is out but now they're a Facebook feature. Too bad.
RT : Good morning Here's to a great event. Opening plenary at 8:30am.
RT : Fuck. I hate how music reminds you of the past sometimes.
Chilling in Vegas!
haha them foos are crazy to think i have that much time,
Is it time to release Pat Riley from his carbonite freeze?
Awesome midget joined the twitter gang ;D
lool yeah ;) its pretty hilarious tho!
Looking for a HH spot for tonight? Come hang out with us on the patio! Beautiful weather, and even more beautiful drinks for $5 until 7!
I still fire up Google in an anonymous window sometimes for stuff like that, but DDG for the rest. It's decent.
I know u haven't seen u an I been ok just been doing a show in west hollywood every week an other then that nothing really
My dad just called forever 21 ; under 21...... LOL.
SOX: Ubaldo Jimenez knocked out as Ryan Sweeney singles in another run in the fifth. #RedSox lead is now 6-1.
voted today
Made first decision today on wedding to do list.... Colors =check
Well time to end my night in good company and to the sounds of Coldplay :) Night "Tweetas"
but for real, Mo's career shouldn't end like this. As much as people hate on the yankees, Mo's the best in the game, hands down.
Appreciate #S thanks you
that's very generous of you.. I find them all shrill & a bit panicked.. A symptom of hyperbole addiction.. Sad.
thank u for following me
#SCMS12 Elisa-PopCulturePirate-on using remix for media literacy, critical thinking and feminist ethics.
Bruschi was a mainstay on a team that won 3 Super Bowls in 4 years.
When was the last time Puck had a story line?
whats going sir...is your email open for records from a songwriter
Thinking it would be a good idea to jump into a nice cold pool right now
Oh no, I had a feeling I did! I'll be all set for next week's session :) Thanks for the update!
I think Subway has a ninja marketing tactic and that would be to make you smell like herbs and cheese ALL DAY!!!
#bored give me a band
WOW I really HATE emotions !
Super Care Clinic has only had to treat 12 patients so far. This clinic is first of its kind for a
#idRatherHave Bad Times With , Then Good Times With Any Other Girls
Conrad Murray guilty of involuntary manslaughter. Thoughts?
": Chris Brown for best R&B? They meant to say "Kelly Price" didn't they?" Ledisi. Lol
DUBLIN'S MANHATTAN ~ Jameson Irish Whiskey, Sweet Vermouth, Guinness Float
Westbrookes ears are so tiny
At Parkview for consortium meeting.
text me
Yeah since they forced the new look I haven't been happy with it. I find it harder to read if that makes sense.
probably need the @ Twitter handle in there somewhere.
Woke up late and missed all the obvious #LUCK jokes. #timezoneproblems. I would try again but it's time to
Tomoro night everybody free til 12 Reserve Lounge 729 main st houston tx #BE THERE
Just finished a LONG day of working & by far my fav thing to do is scroll entirely through Instagram, so I don't miss any photos. Nerd alert
I liked what I heard, but I'm probably the only faculty member at #GWU who loves the idea of an all-University APT committee...
Friday Humor: "It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose." - - Darrin Weinberg
Swing batter batter! Have fun!
Meet Me In The
LOL.......Well and everybody say it AMEN!!!!!!
-Thanks Dina! Enjoy your items!
Just realized what a weird name Teletubbie is.......
“ are really a lot to help turnaround our film !”
I'm sure it was! BTW, do you ever make it up to the Madison area? Would love to connect with you IRL or via Skype
its aliens shit happens
Easy easy easy easy math test!! #amazing #RANGERS and lastly #monsterenergydrank ! Great day I am having!! Oh btw hey tell is so cool!
i think should text me.
It has its nice parts, but I know what you mean.
Having dinner on the road, listening to the #ThisAmericanLife retraction. Like a parent grilling a kid caught stealing, it's painful to hear
Follow along with what's happening at the Museums and the Web conference through April 14th with the hashtag
i was drinking pints through a straw last night, silly me
Funny! Yesterday saw a worker chasing a single leaf with a giant leaf blower machine strapped on his back. One leaf. Just one leaf.
sparse crowd at Comcast Center......most likely kept away by constant rain........and a low-major opponent in Mount St Mary's.
. I can't access the link for the Martha Stewart mag subscriptions. Help please? Thanks!
Whats the details? (:
Me too. RT : RT : I have an unhealthy addiction to museum giftshops.
Hate when a guy think's he could talk the talk and walk the walk!
Quit w the fake tears
RT : RT if you're attending the event tomorrow we'll follow you and say "Hi" tomorrow!
RT The Cost of Creativity: on the irony of combatting the negative side of #creativity through...creativity
Had a great time tonight! <U+263A>
so hard to "take care of yourself" at your parents house
they got rid of Carter to pay Bryzgalov. Richards was the gm's idea.
so stressed
Everytime a coworker offers to buy lunch, she gets a pizza or cheap tacos. When I return the favor she orders expensive stuff. Smart indeed.
Will you leave work on time today? Did you yesterday?
goodluck baby bells :*
Why do teachers insist on giving all these tests at the end of the year? #wtf <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#derby picks in a hour
i really love steak
RT : Fab gig last night from at - so good to hear Martland's Horses of Instructions again, such a...
nothing to do wish I had someone to talk to!
Amen to you Danny...Amen!
At least put a password on your phone!
what i didnt see them and i was watching this the hole time.!
Some @ Occupy Madison site talked of moving to vacant lot on S Park St if evicted today. That lot is fenced, barricaded w no trsps signs
Good so far. A little smokey up front and sweet in the finish RT How does everybody (who got the beer) like it #beerclub?
Prelininary filming starts tomorrow night on "Candor". Dinner last night with cast and crew at Blue Fin a blast.
You're a fan no doubt, but if You're rooting for them to suck to get a better draft pick, then ur a bad fan
Be able to be alone. Lose not the advantage of solitude, and the society of thyself. - Thomas Browne
hey my internets off :(
GA Tweoples! in L.A. heading 2 get some chick'n & Waffles! Need some Law & Order in our stomach.
I legit was talking about you to my mother the other day.,Miss you too! And yup, I'm home!
some good tv tho had me yellin at the tv and shyyyt lol
I need to find someone who can bring a computer back from the dead. I think I got a very nasty virus. Help?
Turning Into Something U Always Hoped I Never Be Like
Always stressed out at the end of school years
I am.
Download new iTunes. View Purchased Music, ordered by Most Recent. Scroll to bottom. Cringe at your old self's horrible taste in music.
sent in my Trainwreck application last night! Hoping I get picked !
thanks man!
this account settings are screwed up so i made a new one
yes let's go hard
well thank and that deserves a retweet LOL :))) xo
So my grades arent a reason my mom say no to drake
Two blocks from my old apartment! RT Weapons Raid in Eastlake Reportedly Turns Up Grenade Launcher and Meth-Making Equipment
most people are not doing enough link building
Scott Walker new campaign slogan. "Wisconsin last in jobs. See I promised we'd be brown bagging it"
all I really want for Christmas is YOU ;)
Jealous! Did they ever come out with that clip of ours??
I don't smoke or Drink my mommy raised me better than that
I Buss Nuts On Your Toast in the morning that not Butter.
ya no problem anytime man!
Will try to check it out when I come back, will be the last day.
this is the engines talk. And yes I will def find ya! Thanks!
so when do you get it back....?
Don't tell her how much fun it is!! :)
r u da official chloe?
he loves you calm down
its ungodly the amount of places I have applied to in the past 2 days
talk to 's talking about coming up in mid-August for some horse racing
Rainy gloomy day today, I hear you have the best game in town! Bison, Venison, Quail, etc... Let's not forget best beef in town
In that case I would go with Freeman because then you don't have to waste an early round pick on a QB
I fucking hate rude people.
Cause when you broke you are consider a joke nigga .
Do you have some great domains to sell? Email me and I'll tell you how Moniker can help.
"Supreme Court hearing on #SB1070 is key moment for civil rights in the US. #Justice4AZ #SCOTUS” via
Those with disabilities love God too, and should have a place in our churches. They need to learn & share too.
She got a nigga on the side just to use her, Lol
I know. My brain may explode.
good question. was critical?
The are playing like a well oiled machine. Love the team effort!
just finished shootin Ace Hussle's "in my system" music video w/ V6M
I don't like waiting in airports for my bags. Even worse, I don't like waiting in airports when my bags are lost. -Steve Waugh
think you need more basic because your attitude still kinda sucks lol
Congrats to one of the smartest, kindest, and hardest working men in the music industry. Get on with your bad self,
Dan I want a portrait.
I LOVE STRIPPERS!
Great to know about you - thanks for the follow!
definitely!! come party it up in south florida! :)
Fuck off #fuck #off #fuckoff. Yepp, I think that about covers it
well, that is definitely a bonus. but it's the spice house!
Play trivia , TONIGHT, for a chance to win a pair of tickets to The knowledge fest starts at 6p.
Well...this sucks.
Awesome! Hope youre well man": Game 1 in the books. RANGERS!!"
TONIGHT’S #REDSOX-#RAYS GAME POSTPONED DUE TO INCLEMENT WEATHER. It will be rescheduled for a date this summer to be determined.
patron silver chilled
The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity. ~ Ayn Rand
#dearsiri: Will there ever be a law & order:svu musical?
yeah, 4th gate change in past few hours. Move everyone breathing down this gate agents neck
I'm not eating black eyed peas for New Year's for luck and money. Instead, I'll listen to the Black Eyed Peas as they actually make money.
go to my page on twitter and u gonna see the picture i put up... It has the peace sign and mb names on our hands
Two new batches of cold process soap curing: Tropical Fruit and Stargazer Lily. Ready to list in three weeks. Vegan, gentle, pretty!
#AustinMakeANewCover tbh it does bother me how Austin told us awhile ago he'd cover Should've Kissed You... & I guess he forgot
Thanks for following us PoochiCouture! Love your website! We're launching soon, so stay tuned!!!
You're so cheesey but I totally love it
It's young money motha fucka if ya ain't running with it run from it motha fucka
RT Fine-Free Friday at San Diego Co libraries! Return any SDCL-owned material to any branch today, we will waive the fines
Nothing like getting mooned by a random car drive by...scandelous!
he likes it lol. looks at his lists xD
Feels good being home! Had a pretty good day today!
Custard is my favorate doughnut filling
IT WAS FUN! THANKS!!
NHS essay was the biggest BS I've ever written.
yea. When are you coming back?
When my teacher cusses in every lecture.
kinda just wanna wear my classnight dress to semi.....
aw I feel the same way :)
I think it's weird is complaining to people from Long Island.
Baking today's cookies with extra love. Have an awesome and merry day everybody!
G, we have to strategize when the three of us will be up the hill and have a dinner party! Bill, you in?
cool drop by we would love have u & make you more fabulous
1080 is really slipping
Oh man. That'd be the worst. But don't worry, I'll try not to.
Thanks for the support :DD
haha. What emails?
I'm watching The Voice. You remind me Cee-Lo
Stomach hurt I need some food of in my shit
One day, I want my office to have a lay-z-boy with a monitor attached to the ceiling via swing arm. Also, wireless keyboard and mouse.
Painted the afternoon & evening away while listening to TED talks. Guess I should go find food now and say hi to my family...
aha, yeah I don't like downloading stuff. I'm too lazy. ;/ tinychat's easier.
One more week! NBA playoffs!
RT : We've been spendin most our lives livin in a Bacon paradise (via )
Finally the semester is over.
Shit, I started watching Field of Dreams a little while ago and I'm crying already and the hair on the back of my head is standing up.
people change culture by changing systems.
Downstream to where pipeline is at or upstream from Inn(restaraunt) at falls
. Gonna be some big time sleepers & busts in fantasy this yr with so much player movement. Crazy
My cute little dad washing my car in this heat when he can be at homr being lazy
I never lied about my feelings, I said I love you and I will always mean it.
| Bad link to view first tv commercial. Also, we emailed you via site & have not had any reply. Can you help?
OUR PRAYERS R W/ & HIS FAM 4 THEIR LOSS GOD BLESS U ALL
Rest up before my insanity workout
I've only read the first two, but I'm hooked. Jack Bauer is getting the credit Mitch Rapp deserves.
try and get tickets for the phils Tuesday. Games at 105 but fuck it
I love my new followers' feed! You guys rock!!
Give thanks to God for the small things so that you can appreciate the big things
My cat just gave me the ultimatum to get rid of all my fireworks or he'll set himself on fire and sleep on them.
thanks homie, u think Spurs cover +7?
big nick for sure. Flippin titties all day
T-Mac may be starting tonight.
ok thanks. Will let you know tomorrow how it goes.
Peace Toona. It's been real
woke up to Boy Meets World. <3.<3 I miss this show so much !
I remain faithful , when all is said and done they will be in the playoffs.
life changes people. Some for the better, others for the worse. So thats all good
Hopefully just a matter of time before comes to Milwaukee too,
oh my #godga u look amaziing just fabulous !!
Walking around toys-r-us. What happened to legos and nerf guns? All I see are iPads. There is no such thing as a childhood anymore
Tyler the Creator – Yonkers
Loving that I got a surprise on my DVR today! #SweetGenius is back!!!
It was a huge blessing to be able to teach parents on how to protect their children from harmful things online! Great job, Jeff Morrison!
You can't fake great customer service. You really have to love it. #womcc ()
Envision You – Rediscover the Original Identity the Creator had in mind for you.
Either tweet directly or you can answer on the Facebook page or even the website, whatever works for you lol
xmas bonus !!!!
Thank goodness. Preds win
o really? Hmm i hardly go to bars
...you sync calendar, contacts, and mail directly to the ipad. Then you'd be able to view/edet contacts easily.
Wish my debit card could only be used by passing a breathalyzer.
"What the "Haves" have over the "Have Nots" is not money. It is information. —Delano Johnson
I love it when I get out of the shower & my tits are especially soft.
will definitely give you a call, a great lunch place in LA that I frequent is LA CAFE or any cafes in LA LIVE by staples center.
I just hope you fall down some stairs.
Apocalypse!! RT : It's May 3rd and we've seen more no-hitters thrown than Albert Pujols' home runs hit.
Orlando getting did Memphis damn....
#serenawilliams outburst cost her 2k. after taxes, tips and gratuities she managed to walk away with about 700k. Not bad for 2 hours work!
Can't get up the stairs! My legs are killin me!
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate cute relationships, because I know I'll never have one like that.
RT : Broncos' draft choice Eric Olsen: Started along all 3 interior OL positions at Notre Dame-Penalized once in final 1,731 plays
that's sick man! How many people can say they have their own nightlight?! Though they should do a legit one of your face! Haha
Sorry dads getting lil mad
dude, ask the guy next to you!!!
Craigslist is not what it used to be.
Can anyone else see a little bit of the joker in miguel montero?
Nomming it up at Macaroni Grill... Italian doesn't get more authentic than this. *crickets*
Neat idea for people to customize their profile!
Chicano Resource Center. Hey wish Judy a Happy Mothers Day for me. Yeah, I'm late. ha ha
oh I'm sorry lol
A room full of salsa dancers is a beautiful thing to behold with Orquesta De Kache. Ready to groove in tonight!
how do I use this thing?
enjoying a beautiful day off with my kids. I got all but one of my reports done!
I agree, but many will take every opportunity to disagree with someone they oppose, even for weak reasons.
i really need to start on this ap lang project........<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><U+274C>
Thanks! I know I looked at Steamtown too....Did you see the too?
that's cool
we follow eachother already
any interest in carpooling to UCSB from LA? It's good for the environment, and I've been told I'm good company ;)
When visiting or talking to your loved one in custody, DO NOT discuss the case It IS being recorded!!!
The first thing 2 do is 2 identify the actual problem. We have done that & R now telling others. It is psychopaths. Ask me Y.
I'm making it.what about you?
We all die. I dnt plan to live forever, my plan is to create something that will :)
You took the tweet out of my Time Line.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
XMAS UPDATE: We will be recording a new song next weekend in a mansion in San Diego. It will make a nice stocking stuffer for all you clowns
How was Spain?
Love ur bio.. I promise I won't take you seriously lol ;) Thanks for following, love
We need a ride to the mall who wants to take us
Thank you, my dear, & you as well!
There's a joke in the new about YA book titles being restricted to one word, but it's really true.
Looking forward to a long friendship!
You're wearing white shorts in the winter bitch! lol!
RT just released their book,and dancing w/ u is on their bucket list!HAVE THEM ON!
did you go to gym. I forgot
Dereece Bailey ain't never gotta worry bout it, i was here for you last time, so u know aint nun changed!
1) Remove the "bro" culture 2) focus on growing the game among minorities & low incomes RT What would you do to fix lacrosse?
If i were Zimmerman, I'd walk away. Then again, if he'd done that the first time, he wouldn't have to now
You want more than what has been achieved with great difficulty.
My Player Ways To Stay!
Soccer? NYSA out on two rivers?
omg the carrot cake!!! Also, omg I somehow ate $97 dollars worth of crab legs! Ha ha ha ha.
me too. Haha.
Hi Bonnie, thanks for following us!
So tired I can't sleep and it's 01:30
Oh my. he said I can sing... Lol; I Wonder what he was hearing.. hahaha
no affiliation. I just find some great stuff on there that often align with my thinking. Glad you are enjoying them.
Why am I suddenly starving???
lol that's exactly why!!!
Didnt really go anywhere today
I'm actually staying at a beach house in July because Sean's parents were looking at houses to rent
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 89
7th: Ride w/Me by - rewarding drivers and passengers for sharing rides
Since when do Republicans care about the middle class!!! Obama does!!!
I hate I lost an hour of sleep today but am loving the extra hours of daylight!
Yours or maybe someone you helped through social. I have forgotten everything.
haha I appreciate that! I believe that it is very necessary that we kick it whenever we get back to school.
How's the world been treating you?
How do i get pics on TWITTER ..? Soo i can SHOW all u guys my CUTE lil puppy CLOE...!!! LOL
this makes her the second trans from the show after Sonique. Wonder if she is transgendered or transsexual
in this industry, in most cases it's how all about presentation before we take note of the ability.
omg don't even
T3 Though costly now, is it short sighted to avoid the new? I don't want to save $ today at the expense of tomorrow's breakthrough
two nights of insomnia. today should be interesting
Suzuki Music School of Arkansas Harp Recital 10:30am The public is invited to attend and admission is free.
Taking in Manhattan with my lady—qualifies as one beautiful Monday.
I was too wasted
Welcome Back to Hawaii!!! I wish I will see you and here in the Islands RT
your ass just found out???smh :/
We have a group out tonight for a bachelor party. U ask who goes out for a bachelor party on a tuesday. Someone who knows how to party
Her heart is racing, palms sweating, she is running, but this time there is no one chasing her. Yes, those are the scars of Rape.
KWSS Rock Local Awards on TMI 106.7 - Best Homegrown Hit Song coming up now!
Enjoying #Starbucks while #reading #THEGAZE for a few minutes before I have to leave for work...so...hard...2...put..it...down
love you more
You're really pretty. :3 not trying to be weird or anything lol.
Alive n healthy
THE RAID: CONQUEST OF PARADISE
Thankful to be over the flu, and that it's so nice and pretty outside!
yes, you should. Get to it bc I'm busy on Twitter. RT it's noon, i should probably begin doing some work now
RT : #Aquarius are the most loyal in life and in love. Befriend one or fall in love with one, you wont be sorry
like its out last day of work day.
nice! So far ive only got Tron and a doofy Putty from Power Rangers xD
just sitting here, at 6:30 am, waiting for the French Bakery to open. 30 minutes to go.
Getting things in line for this summer
Fuck I hate when my tweet is perfect but it has a typo :(
this day just needs to end..
i got my stitches out today!
Thanks XP...I really Appreciate the Follow.
he finally is!!!
: just read abt your visit to Children's Hospital in Dublin. You are truly, truly the most remarkable man. luv
Dawn was breaking over Washington as we arrived in the city. Fog from the Potomac had rolled in. We waited until the train emptied.
is a follow to much to ask? xx 4
Holy rain in Centex. Dust off the
Thanks for the reply -- I'll check out your blog.
Congrats to the Netherlands today, those goals were beautiful.
BIG SEAN IS IN THE BUILDING @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!
How can AYS get in wideeyedcity weekly?
-drops F bomb- SJ IS HERE -dies-
Take care of your body, then the rest will automatically become stronger.
Is anyone else just a little afraid that Justin #Bieber can vote now?
Let me guess. If I'm going to #EDC I should hit you up for "the hook up" lol
Gone b bad bitches at that #CRAZYASSPARTY including Me Hahaha!! Ya boii
seems like there should be more payment options for season tickets. id pay more if i could make installments.
Mainland gone run it 2mrw!!!!
follow me plz an thnk u
I had nine or so, but they all met bad ends. Storms, coop failures, savage poodles. I keep thinking it's time to try again!
bigger fan of VoteSmart, other systems that educate, not "automate" choice, especially on future leaders.
We r ready!!!
Wasn't for sure w/out the suit & tie but the SKC shirt should have given it away. Next time!
Cooked Lunch for Charlie Palmer and the rest of the CIA board today
Idea: Maybe you could have a separate account for bus alerts? There's a lot, and so far none have pertained to lines I ever ride.
So good seeing you today dear... Hugs:):)
Obama: "Can I mention again that I got Bin Laden? Because I totally did. Just, you know, FYI."
"irregardless" is another goodie...
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
found a way to link all my internet communications so I don't have to check or post separately...ping.fm
Just licked a spoon from the sink covered in my dogs canned food that looked really good before putting it into my mouth...yum!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Shoutout to our newest TWEEPS! Thanks for following us!
little known fact I also like the blues ... Sharks>blues still
Couple more hours of work then off for the next two days, I can't wait
Fun night :)
lets get rich im out
Calling all blogueros(as)! For a limited time we will add your site's feed to a category of choice when you create a Kuento profile.
THATS WHAT I SAID! But everyone is all "He likes you" just because we made a lot of eye contact >.<
yes JJ is Jerry Jones
Don't matter how hard I try.. I get the bottom barrel. Its a wrap.
Happiness begets happiness
thanks for letting me know. Wishing the women in your life a great Mother's Day! My best.
Another day, and another low, for the worst vendor a company could ever have the miserable opportunity to work with. *golf clap*
Got a phone call from 2 of my oldest #NOLA friends.They're drunk in Cleveland.Smiling from my heart thinking of my friends. :-)
Due to budget costs we may require our audience to tie a can to our outgoing string in order to hear our shows.
just realized I haven't been out to see the new place. How's it going?
The value of relationship hav went to 0 without a value of something theres no love not jus bf gf famil or God theres no love or commitment
"Thor 2" MT One time Loki took the form of a mare to trick a guy & the guy's horse fucked Loki and Loki had an 8-legged horse baby.
Want to be more influential? Ask people to include your name in their debates.
Feel better soon.
Excited!! Now starts the season of me laying out!! May this pastiness be gone!!!
Do you have a volunteer signup link?
Personally I think we should give #abed its own night once ea month to feature local Alberta CN Ed
when did start archiving? #CokeArchivesHangout We started collecting in the 40s.
it's all this soccer talk!!
Worst day ever ! -__-
Shoot it Collison, just shoot it
yea, me too.. ugh
It's good to be home. Back to work.
You know people are desperate when they tweet and make statuses about having people text them
I honestly still don't know what I did to make you not talk to me.
Listening to some great classical rock pieces. In love!
Why would I need to pay $3.50 for shipping on a digital download?
Well... There's a Bootie LA on my birthday... Fate?? I think so!! :April 7... My troops invade!!
Do you lick the Sweet & Tart Dressing off the bottom of your bowl?
Hunter Hayes on replay <3
oh nice dude I've never been there :( and just have some faith I already got all of my credits!!
Summer is getting so close (:
Our front loading washing machine shakes the house more than a 4.6 eathquake.
just went in to get lunch
Good morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Back on my "no more boxing until Mayweather Vs Pacman" horse which conveniently turns to glue every time there is a fight.
haventttt talked to al day...hope he had a good night.!
Zip cars are wonderful! What a great idea.
I'm bore af though right now the computer don't even keep me entertained anymore...only my boyfriend do lol
Attn: University Zipsters we still have free lift tickets to ski resort!! call us now to win 410-685-1867
Okay Mom =) It's Always Best To Try Again =) Okay, I'll Tell You Later What's Been Goin On In The Group =) Love You 2 Mom :)
“: Slim/Thick + Saditty #Priceless”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
It is unclear to me why Bristol Palin's opinion matters more than that of my uncle Beau's taxidermist Joe Bob.
Eastern Benefits Group SURVEY: 33 percent of employers believe Nat'l healthcare law is unconstitutional
Awesome Cameron quote: "You have to imagine the possible before you can go and do it." Think he's got an EC flag? :-)
The School of Criminal Justice graduation starts in a few minutes. Congratulations to all of you out there!
so glad I finally went!
you should come to Florida for like a week :)
#DASER Barbara Stauffer is discussing the SI Artist Research Fellowship which provides an opportunity for artists to work w collections.
Omg less than 4HOURS here in Brazil for the #Boyfriendvideo. It could not be more excited. RT if you're excited!!PLS Follow me
Let's get up next week...
So do you wanna bet $20?...And call 3/19/13 the payoff date?
Mexico here I come! Cocktail please.
Even though RT stands for "retweet" I still pronounce it as "rate" because I'm just that cool. ;)
Certainly a perfect day for it!RT : Shrimp & grits made this gray day 100% better. It's been too long!
text me purty girl(:
TWEET ME QUESTIONS WITH #ASKTYLER :D RT!
Missing the game right now to help with auditions for his show and I couldn't be more excited!
I got that ESP...N! Haha!
Researching about best design pattern to keep data sync'd b/w iphone core data and server side db.
Now It's Lights Out, Lights Out Like Roy.. Jones Jr. Traw The Ruler
Slow down
Occupiers, I support your message and all, but the 1% doesn't take the subway...
hey what's up
No idea if there is a market for that. I just was sharing it on Twitter. You could prob teach me a thing or 2 about Branding.
medina?? haha. Yeah, I guess.. I just really want to get into a good college and become a nurse >.<
Fav is Neighborhood Plumber No extra charges nights, weekends, holidays or emergencies...24/7
i love tht song
Good things happening at #OpenMobileSummit. Please do stop by and say hi.
it was a pleasure meeting you. If we are ever in LA we will definitely do a recording with you. Single Ladies unite!!!
aight i will bro.
Gamestop?! I thought you got a new job?
All smiles
yeah, technically that was a retweet of sorts. <3 thanks for sharing
Joe might be able to use that for publicity. Hope he had some smelling salts and/or brandy on hand.
Movers available at 4pm in Nassau County, 6pm Suffolk. 2 Trucks currently working in the city. Moving locally? - Save $50!!!
. that last tweet was for you
Hi! Cold? Or is that a phone ringing?
I'm really sick of spam :(
3 words- we love you!
Mix in some "Rainbow in the Dark" and baby, you've got a stew goin'
looking for new members to join this elite fighter's fate design team, hit me up with a message.
girl talk with Sophia.(:
#Rampage strings together back-to-back goals for the first time since 1st qtr, pull within 16-10.
#ReasonsToSayAmen my family woke up today
Clippers down by 20. Anyone surprised?
what's up
Dang! I meant Hi Yaaaaaaahhhhhzzzz cowgirl!
Do you know the meaning of the #ANC Centennial logo? Read more, on its meaning that derived from the theme ' Unity in Diversity'...
My school would probably have bearly any!!
Yeah? Why don't we? Hmm. Enjoy going to the xkcd site every so often and catching up, tho.
It's March. We were supposed to close on our house this month, but I don't think it's going to happen. blah. "Short sale" is a misnomer.
Callista: what’s the plan for tonight babe? Newt: plan is u put on a gallon of hair spray because Papa’s got 2 tickets to a swingers party.
Hey - are you on the East Coast?
Which loyalty key tag program do you like best? What rewards excite you?
you just had to say something negative about FWP, didn't you?
This is making me laugh.
I am excited for your new wine system!
I love Banaian's view on revenue generation from ONLY the stadium. Craziness. "Super Bowl's seldom generate much revenue". What?
Ask the many who have my social security number...
haha! shout out to all zelda fans if you love midna from twilight princess!!!!! best chick ever!!!
First time at GVR on Regal Tuesdays, and that place is like high school dating central!!!!
I love coffee!
Don't forget to come out tomorrow to Tomcats West in Fort Worth! It's gonna be a day of awesomeness!
The Rays need a catcher with the last name Marcus.
ALL of the things that go down in the church and our community is the one that's constantly marginalized.
Oh, that's a good idea. Or if the plastic cup and foil seal were biodegradable!
Miss Whitworth Security Runs... :)
The adreneline RUSH you get when you set the hook & know you are in for a fight!!!
You're the reason I wake up every morning. LOL just kidding, I have school.
THANKS to EVERYONE who came out. IT WAS WAY FUN of a show!!!
I'm seeing a good friend for his birthday, so I'm not aware of what else is happening tonight. I'M not cool.
Stole My Heart Playing in Old Navy <3
how can a artist be number 47 on the rap charts in the us! no1 in nc for months! they feel like slimgoodie is a threat! still shining!
All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.
who is your favorite squad member in the series? If you HAD to pick?
nope...Chicago
im stuck on trying to figure out why you don't have a mobile website tbh
"Buffett Tax" would generate only $4.7 B/year on $1.3 TRILLION deficit! Meanwhile BO has NO PLAN to cut spending. Loves redistribution.
because the ask you things that are on your Facebook page.
I got the job!!! I am starting my marketing career!!!
Lmao y'all remember that lil Chinese girl from the end of rush hour saying "push the button" ?! Lmfao.
LOL THE YOUNG ME
Check out the 2 goals from tonight's Timbers win right now at portlandtimbers.com
One of my favs this year is WAITING FOR SUNRISE by Wm Boyd. Absorbing, suspenseful, good historical setting.
I am thankful 2 u 4 keeping the news free of Twitter shorthand.
I'm ready!
That's my goal! I know every service guy at #BMW on a first name basis. And their kids!
Great to meet you. If you ever want to talk grade tools, hit me up. :)
YEAH That's my girl!!! You deserved it! totally voted for you =]
Tiger likely to miss cut at Wells Fargo after 73 | Low Vig Reduced ...
It is well deserved.
“Real estate and hotel revenues were up by 12% to P3.36 billion against last year's ... But its air transportation subsidiary Cebu Ai...
Bought a new car yesterday!
im going to tell. lol.
I will make my cat a twitter right away.
Mitt Romney was the first man to walk on the moon and he also founded PETA
when i get nervous when im around you even tho we have been dating for basically 5 months. (:
We wrestle not against flesh & blood but against principalities, rulers of the darkness of this world, spiritual wickedness in high places.
Goodbye twitter, will miss you a lot more than you imagine :"(
in less than 24 hours I'll be done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Had so much fun today with my fwiendss c:
morning sugar, hope you're doing well.
you're welcome!
Jose doesn't wanna tell me a joke :'l ight.
you too! Have a great weekend.
Wondering who she needs to hold her...
The red head ?": Josh be real life thuuurstin for me."
RT I can watch #adultswim all day
Need to get ready cause I'm getting picked up for work soon but I'm sitting on my bedroom floor in my underwear watching wizards
face &music always calms me down!!!!!
Quite right, Natalie. Mutual appreciation society member, and gladly.
Ah! Love him!
i just at some mike an ikes berry flavored
You'll get what you deserve: A broken heart. A broken heart you can't mend.
not a bad idea. Can we hold a simple majority vote on the triangle parting ways?
duh, everybody knows.. but I was really talking about (:
Thats Great Barbara..Keep on updating me of such events where we can help!!
miss you brother! Im Supposed to be in ny right now but Levon died:(
RT : It is not what happens to you but how you respond to what happens to you. ---> try telling that to a murder victim!
I haven't heard from my baby!
Google must have figured out I'm female. Now I'm seeing cosmetics ads before StarCraft replays on YouTube.
So which is better, Foursquare or Gowalla?
RT #Obama to #Univision: "Until the Republicans have a nominee, we don’t have a campaign" #Really?
added bonus...we get to see your handsome face again soon!
wow so you can even be here for me as a bestfriend .
Why do you follow me?
i love how everyone is acting like there's only 3 people on this stage
Thank Yall back at Yah MooN
love the new name!!! how's the jetlag???
I can't do this anymore.
My job as a video teacher makes that dream come alive a little bit.
1 month & 3 days till i go to #ITALIA :D
I got a habit of calling everyone 'Honey' because I usually can't remember their names.
Following up on my last tweet, the choice is... Glock
lol oh goshh I hope so!
Don't try to catch a snowflake with your tongue unless you're positive that it's snow.
I can do Wed too. Anytime before 3pm!
asking all them questions lol...
: Summer Shankdown tomorrow night..both sides of Woodlands!
aww love you too!
#peopleiveseenlive the maine, this century, all time low, never shout never, the ready set, mayday parade, the summer set, artist vs poet
There is always room in your life for thinking bigger, pushing limits and imagining the impossible
I know :/. Biggie smalls is my main man ! Ksat needs to have a reunion asap.
I did not know taio cruz is british!!!!!
why do I half to drive to L.A tonight
It's Friday
Charleston based Dave Baker is Columbia bound today for the Dr. Oz show!
haha true that man I hated that school!
(it's so much nicer to read your tweets w/o that hideous sig appended. Pls make a habit of it)
RT - who cares about #MU/KU when are right ?
Trying to get the real story on what happened to tiger.
you should freeze them.
needs to follow me back. (Holland chick)
Finally gettin too bed... vegas still on my breathe
Up....think that was going to call me
Thanks Jim. Didn't realize until yesterday that Dave & I were b-day buds happy b-day to good peeps and
Why are people lying on me and making accusations about me that could really damage my career and reputation? All I do is try and be good
The next time I see a computer I'm deleting my twitter. It's just unhealthy now.
i just blew my nose and almost blacked out. things are looking up!
You are SO smart. I want to be a princess. I'm channelling you next time hubby is doing a project!!!
hey srry i got off my internet was acting retarded
What's more obscene than all that: Newt Gingrich
likes to rt a lot of tweets !
Off to the the gym to meet angry Brian. I swear every time he yells at me I want to wet my pants!!!! Maybe I will take him milk & cookies!
Chi. NetMarketing panel insights were interesting to learn. Great to hear marketers' high regard of agency partners.
But i have a feeling he wont go jakarta soon.
Somthin happened to my twitter page?? looks DOPE though.
Silly boy.
I did too! RT Spent day w/ Barrett. Struck by # of folks who went out of their way to say they'd voted for him in primary.
haha thanks and followed :)
I dusted off my copy of tiger 12 to play a few rounds
I'm disappointed no one caught my reference to the classic short story by Edgar Allen Poe. Aw well lol.
Mhmm, sure! Love you too(:
good to see you!
Woke up and can't sleep "/ blah.
temecula public library, a surprisingly comfortable place to get some work done
I wish I could magically tell if someone was having dirty thoughts about me.
wish i could go it looks so nice !
We are thinking of cruising to Alaska for our honeymoon!!! Anyone every been?
lo #hate game smh
Missed my yesterday.-_- GLAD THEY BEAT THE HEAT! That's my team right there
Yes indeed. Please feel free to DM me so we can get in touch.
Drove on I-84 today to where it ended...in Massachusetts.
Watching the NCAA on TruTV, which I've never watched, not since it was Court TV, which would have been more appropriate for basketball, no?
Grind=Shine.
very excited. saw that post when CC made it. Emailed it home so I can check it later. EXCITING.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 6
Had a nice visit from MS :)
I'm just gonna sit here and tweet about awkward things. I have a very weird obsession with Narwhals. I love them to pieces <3
I am coming to #portland this weekend 23rd anniversary...what is a "must see" when visiting?
a good old #CappysPizza this was a college favorite of mine back in the day.
RT“: I always see things I really like when I don't have money -___-”
send us your resume!!! :)
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
Well after Davenport you will be ready for Cedar Rapids, and then on to Des Moines...good luck my friend!
Right back at you! Excited for Art is Part of the Solution next week!
rooting for your Jayhawks over Cats!
Congrats 2 the Chargers on their BIG win! 35-7 over Denver & back 2 .500 on the season. Good Game Bolts ;)
Aha , Jaiden dumb .
"The Derby girls and Carmen aren't impressed by the guys' lame attempt to impress them with matching pink shirts."
Single ! :D Even Though Tomorrow would have been our first anniversary we just feel better staying best friends <3 I still love you Andrew!
Will save one for u! But hurry, going fast! :) : YUM. Can we have one too, please?”
hahahahaha More like outstanding :D hahaha
Feeling grateful for the military veterans in my family. My hubby, my brother and my nephew, who is a US Marine. Thank you for your service
Just got to meet my little nephew for the first time
On my plate right now for acting class: On Camera exercise tomorrow waiting for sides, one monologue, three scenes.
here we go
I am officially a proud investor of !
JUST SAW A BIG BLACK GUY DRIVING A SMART CAR
Obama campaigning on creating jobs, which he feels is gaining momentum. Well, if you count 11 Columbian hookers, I guess he has a point.
Richard Pryor just asked me what I want for my birthday I told him Bicentennial Nigger & Supper Nigger on LP.....
Thanks for RT!
It's fantastic to hear from you as well, I miss your passion & energy! And OK, I miss your tasty in-office treats as well! ;-)
what are some popular websites to know what is going on - popular - in DC on weekends?
If you were lame would you want someone to tell you?
video chat
yeah, whenever it'll happen i'll wait :) aj, 2morrow is my b-day.. i beg ur greeting for me 2morrow, xoxo
Can't say I'm a big fan of Pacific NW tonite. First, I get to watch Seahawks roll over my Lambs. Now Sarah Palin's Alaska on. Just shoot me.
Just finished presenting social media marketing ideas to City University of Seattle
Working to create an intervention to help a homeless client get the care he needs. Best Wishes to Everyone!
Yes,I do. trying 2 think of a good ex R A2 do u think companies/products brands can be in both best practice categories?
We're looking forward to participating this year. After hearing much about the entries, we can't wait to choose a script.
Amdnes rock bsqiat crown patches/ summer day/ red handed ws paintin my name up in de alleyway/ guard smokin reefer/ did my blackbook reserch
Forgiveness comes by growth. Your growth.
shaq beat his ass lol first day they met
Watch for more + news on student attendance as LA City Public Safety Cmte meets Monday AM...keeping students in school not court!
“: Put #dennisDixon in” word.
ME AND U BABY STUCK LIKE GLUE LOV YAH PEYTON!:)
understanding where u came from & what u went thru to make it, sets up for an electrifying story. You just have to Take Action & Finish
Thanks for the follow! See you at the F20 Summit.
eyyyyyyyyy baybay! I miss you too , how you been
#RAYJ gonna pull a drive by on fab LOL R&B THUG
I usually copy and paste the message I want retweeted, then add an RT before it. Is there another way?
yeah i heard him say "ill never sell my soul" mad respect for that shit i feel the same way
I need it!
Missin you like crazy
tell your mom I say happy mothers day.
i keep forgetting graduation is so close...
DJs are the best actors
no kangaroos on it that's for sure.
Sent in applications for the 2012 Satchmo Summerfest and French Quarter Festival in Louisiana
(Robert J. Ringer) Happiness is found in doing, not merely in possessing.
Looking to diet? Try a foot detox before you start www.mosthelpfulhour.com
Following Decatur city council elections...We'll have the results tonight at 10pm on WAND.
I could care less actually please don't care about me. And I said if you had a problem, we'd fight about it.
Oh and the new episode of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia did not disappoint....
3 free throws for Let's break this open
WoooHoooo Thunder!!! First Round in the books!
Can't sleep
Fuck commitment let's just fuck like gorillas.
work shift
Well I got out of the dentis it went good I guess (Feeling:numb)
Enjoyed my first Marlins Park experience. B+ overall. B for the park, but a plus for the fireworks and low stakes gambling.
LOVE U BIEBER ! #feelthelove fr
well I was standing on the corner of Winslow Arizona. Such a fine sight to see.
RIP jose perez!! This is not a goodbye, its an "until we'll see each other again"
good morning
Good Night, twitterazzi!
did you find an apartment downtown?
yes. Exactly yes to all of that.
glad you liked it! has quickly become my fave blog :)
Busy bee. Maybe
is it okay for us to go to the carnival with you if we meet you there
already getting the shirts ready..."Fear The Fade"!
what a great weekend casting done
Show tomorrow night Nashville!!!! Come show some love!!!
Cut up on Greek yogurt...yum!
Show on Sunday the 11th at Elizabeth Bingo Hall! Tickets are only $3! Hit me up for tickets!
The guy who w
"The man who knows somethings knows that he knows nothing at all" RT ... I'd probably know MORE now. Lol
Get ready #SXSW because tonight it's on at the #FluentParty @ Maria Maria. #FluentBus is outside w/ another bar and Mobb Deep is performing
"Fuck you, bitch, fuck you." Lol, gets my motor running.
no it's a hard read.
Happy Friday Luvvs :)
I am currently investigating claims relating to pre-natal use of Topamax, Clomid, and SSRI antidepressants causing birth defects.
chip carey gets over exited bout routine shit……damn lets go
She's throwing up :/
Regard it as just as desirable to build a chicken house as to build a cathedral.
Wondering why you don't have blog subscribers? The subscribe button on your website doesn't work.
I'm afraid to say it, but it appears that the emails only do her good if she decides to run.
totally agree...career was done 2 years ago
Go panthers!
Apr 20,1922: Churchill has self-described 'disagreeable bump' after falling from horse while playing polo.
Congratulations on the release of "Blindspots"! I am proud to be a contributor.
Good finish to the 1st half Thunder.
yeah! I saw some comments from the backchannel, would love to see the prezi
Now it's actually the Orange County Register.
Today makes 1 week until Flatstock 29 opens at in Austin! It's FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know: bit.ly/gLOu7b
:( ok cause im waiting for d with willie nd andrew
sounds sick man. i'm coming in town today so we for sure gotta kick it
have to say, as much as i miss #seattle I DO NOT MISS THE RAIN!
For once in my life I'm happy and everything is truly going good <U+2764>
#CNNDebate ugh, Republicans suck!
Freddie Mac: 15YR Fixed-Rate Mortgage Hits Record Low
Monday, May 28th Im releasing the cover for my "Loose Change" mixtpae with ! Shouts to Charles Davis on the design.
stalking your youtube like a boss *_*
Following the tweets from #infocamp Sounds like a super interesting unconference!
I should put on some coffee heh :)
Imma Throw A Couple Thousand Baby Strip 4 This! Lol
You can say that you don't miss me; I think about you everyday.
The Vikings took an offensive lineman at # 4 overall. Why do teams waste high picks on human shields??
Hello, do you have a reporter covering the AAAE conference in PHX currently? We would like to contact him or her. Thanks!
aw thanks! not yet! should be done by the end of the month.. i will def let you know when its finished: )
“: My glove is my Bestfriend > it's never lie or cheat :)”
Deleting my myspace add me on facebook. Its better
One Falu over the cuckoos nest
Hear via my last tweet aka
Cry-baby-hattan.
When I'm trying to watch a show, and someone is telling me what's going to happen. WAT R U DOING. WHY ARE YOU STILL BREATHING. STAWWP ET.
Good Night! Sweet Dreams! Ly2! :)
my eyes still red..
Kay. so I can either delete this account or give it to somebody else. does anybody want this account?
cant wait until! i get my ''Born this way" album! only 2 more days!
Really enjoyed the show last night!! 29 years and u all still grooving like 1983. Tampa love #NE. Be blessed!!
Five star chick, bout that five star life.
RT : Nashville Area's Advantages Attract New #Business, #Investment | #Nashville, TN Economic Development:...
Listen to the DeWitt Law Review radio show today at 2pm on AM 580 WDBO
I was twitterless for a few days, but I'm back!
those are so cute! Hope they're are a hit for you, we had fun printing them!
Nearly cried on #TVD tonight. lmao
Talented people are terrifying.
Wishing Columbus' a huge congratulations on another Emmy nomination this year for Into the Wild! Awesome job!
*does not work for men.
Stumbled upon original programming #Battleground which was quite fun and enjoyable. Then got sucked in to Shawn Doyle fluff
RT : There are more US households with dogs than with children. Get into the pet biz says
hey, I am going to see St Vincent in a few hours!!!
Today has made a drastic turn for the better :)
why the moon?? I want Pluto!!!!
The secret to happiness is to do what you love, with the people you love... Lary Daley, Night at the museum: Battle of the Smithsonian
Pretty different because that trade never would have gone down.
Bout to get a cut yesterday was tough
not good!! Too bad Starbucks isn't right next door!
If that's your worst confession...I think you're just fine! LOL!
TONIGHT!! DreamWorld Music Complex & Score's Bar & Grill..Ow!
they pre recorded. It's going to air tomorrow or Thursday. Ben said he will twitter when it's airing. :-)
If your cool you'll rt this ;D
Just bumped into Tiger at the range. Seems confident, said he "likes where his game is right now". He looked good and reeked from pussy
fuck me hard these fucking teaser are fucking making me want to hear this new cd already!!!
So excited that at this time tomorrow I will have pushed 'go' on our NSF proposal. #grantwritingwillsuckyourlifeaway Super cool project tho!
leaving tomorrow morning. Be up before noon.
I'm guessing tomorrow's raw is going to be big? Best of luck to you in your match.
Woke up feeling Terrible
Ooh...in that marchup, I don't know which philanderer I'd take.
who else likes austin's new icon?(;
RT - #adtech - Coke's Wendy Clark: Nobody is waking up looking for your content: You must be a great storyteller
Glad that #Romney is doing his part to make #Mccain look bipartisan.
#Muse2012 Fever today at Grub's International HQ. Only 17 days to go.
Every band needs at least one dude who dresses up as a cowboy. Okay, country bands don't count.
I did now!
theres no such thing as an ugly girl there are just some girls that are better looking than others lol
blue skies, flat water and stupid cold. Nice paddle just the same.
Gig tonight was great!
I'm wondering who gone show up for us tonight?! We need this win to stay alive...let's go
i refused to watch Godzilla because they didn't use Blue Oyster Cult's tune by the same name...also, because trailer sucked
if it was blue/teal I've seen these young men riding around smiling ion many occasions.
cause i caught that sub fool lol
Ppl are so violent today !
#AcBoWriMo begins now! This morning's goal: 3 new pages of Chapter 4 before 11:30 am.
Thanks for the follow Eysii "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
im not mad.. im just dissapointed you didn't learn from your mistakes.
no moved here got a job and just living
done for the night!!
how was hell? math?
After giving up 4 runs in 0.2 innings, Robertson still has a 2.63 ERA this year... Give him a break, it's not easy replacing Mo...
"There is no limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder."
. The Thomas Clown Affair
headed to SF for the night. I stuffed myself w carnitas and am laying in the middle of the bed trying to digest.
I love you so much! Thinking of you xoxo
pls follow me
- Hi, from a fellow librarian
semi, semi I just wanted confirmation
is your ego prego girl?!
I have a very strong love of Chinese culture and the people.
Oh, d/fw, you milquetoast transit sewer, how I hate thee blue carpeting and clackety clack tile floors.
robert specialty meats is awesome! you were right!Thanks
I have a heart of gold.
Hey Moms!! We hope you have a great Mother's Day.
I dreamed about going back Ciudad Juarez last night, I miss that place so much
Should have checked with #Homewood Police prior to dark.
TOM FORD MARRY ME
#LakerHater checking in a bit late.
RT : News flash! Out of touch academic claims she's never...
hahaha exactly! While others have millions of posters and other things, we have pens!!(:
Any parent receiving child support should be fully accountable for the expenditure of those funds, with documentation and review.
ally you abandoned us...you need to skyPe a nigga or something
RT : How do you perfect perfection? A whoopie pie with a Baileys cream center! Get one Fri at Unblurred on Penn- we'll be...
Tomorrow 9am Group Class!!!! Come for your first time or bring a friend and get a FREE recovery drink!
Amazing! Skyler absolutely killed it. I hate that freaking song, but she made me want to like it.
Wow.... Wtf just happened... people are really bipolar in the world!
That awkward moment when you accidentally answer a call you were trying to ignore."
Going to bed *^^* Jaimie's graduation party is tomorrow:) Good night TL<3
RT wise processes from - When u have a problem - STOP & evaluate 5 thgs, solutions start to emerge...
Thanks for the mention RT
Let me introduce you to the nose whistle : If there is a more beautiful instrument than the violin, I've never heard it.
To many people undervalue what they are and over value what they aren't.
Hey Marseilles is busy creating new memories at The Neptune.
I still dont know what I am doing.
All I consume is venison sausage & coffee
museum of modern art la jolla is a great sight to see, check it out:-)
back to Chicago. I was here for three days on business. So tired. Just caught a look of my face in the mirror. Eesh.
Really honored & humbled to get to worship with such a sweet church! (I'll bring the Puget Sound tunes in the am)
My coffee is falling down on its job too. Need another cup!
#Undercutting is shitty business -- PERIOD! DJs, Producers, Engineers, Promoters, Models -- no respect for cheesy business!
My dog Baxter of course!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
I know. Cavs beat OKC, Irving is great, talk radio: are the Browns a bad team or the WORST TEAM, call in...
RT : It would be so cool to eat lunch with u! // Aw, thanks.
HOLIDAY BEAUTY TIP: Rollerball perfumes are great stocking stuffers & give you the perfect scent every time.
and that degree from Duke! “: I suddenly regret having that data center built in North Carolina.”
Woman who suffered similar spinal chord injury to Jack Jablonski, offers family hope tonight at 9:20 on Fox 9.
likewise! You guys rock! ;)
not yet but I shall when the baby takes a nap :)
; see you tomorrow ;)
EVERYONE Go FOLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
:') I'm so proud to be a part of this crazy family we call mahomies! Haters Gonna Hate, Mahomies Gonna Love! :')
As long as it's not a clout upside the back of the head...
Akismet is fine, that won't cause any image upload problems.
I wish he didn't trust me so much/I think you really trust me too much--BOBBY WOMACK
Welcome to twitter!! :)
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
Let us be dissatisfied until America will no longer have a high blood pressure of creeds and an anemia of deeds. ~ Martin Luther King Jr.
Had a great time in Nashville
yes i did !
i will
Like.... Hell
Match Sum Dawg....
Her and her buddy got cake... One slice ain't ever hurt nobody... Leeeegooo
Going to see my grandparents tomorrow. I feel like my entire family are strangers
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!!! ;D
What's your favorite cake?
They say he will be a lot like Sproles in the NFL and look at what the RBBC in New Orleans did for Sproles.
u know it! Any big wknd plans?
Phone interview with KLTY Radio Show in Dallas went great! Talking about www.curepals.com, A Social Network for Social Change
I was 21 years when I wrote this song -> I'm just 22 and I don't mind dying -> nobody likes you when you're 23
can sum1 tweet me
But you destroyed her..if she was in front of u and heard what us said she would self destruct in shame...
Think with your hands. Consider a stand-up work station. Engage your brain and body at the same time. Helps with focus.
Stupidity isn't a disability. U think
I'm coming, driving to the airport in the uk, then flying for a while will be home by tonight!
It's Vertical Day. 11/11 have you made your wish?
so awesome!
Mary Tyler More, More MORE! :)
Just starting to watch #RHOA reunion 3. Ok. Kim made a mistake. She is in a diff place now.
Just ordered more for a business thank-you. It's fast becoming my go-to way of saying 'thanks'!
also i like how you throw an "or" in there
me too
#nw Yankees vs. Blue Jays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
SEE YOU **AFTER HOURS** AT AMNESIA !!! 4250 THOUSAND OAKS - DOORS AT 1AM !!!
RIP Whitney Houston
can I get a shoutout boy?(:
LOSING AT HOME IS LIKE WATCHIN YOUR BITCH GET FUCKED IN YOUR OWN BED
Watching game from Dugout near Binghampton Uni
Thanks for the info. Rescheduling brunch but next time going to your blog first!!
What does that mean. Last year I did five stage shows with 3 leads. What???
Thanks for the great share! I'm excited about this!
50% off Yoga or Pilates at Astor Street Dance Studio - you can mix and match the classes you want to take! www.crowdclick.com
You know that quote? “...Instead, teach them to yearn for the vast and endless sea." - yep... me too. :(
And nothing will keep this heart from beating, i'm still breathing.
Mites causing spots, but they’re harmless
attending #IEG networking event at #TrumpChicago Sixteen. Spectacular view!
Was the ground cold when you crawled out this morning?
Did I say that to you in a recent conversation? ;-)
Richie a trader lol
Just tapped lawnmower So come join us for fat Tuesday!!
whatever not even true, you don't even believe that yourself! I called you this morning about some business your phone was dead
QoTD: "Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice." (Wayne Dyer)
so many damn moves today. sheesh
Previously on Lost...
mermaid & a ninja?? #awesome wouldn't happen to also be a wine drinker would you?
Not too late to place a Scentsy order and get in the drawing for Snapshot!! My order closes at midnight and someone's getting lucky!!
These umps are really fucking awful. This whole crew is a joke.
my phone number hasn't changed, but yours has. So who you calling a stranger? Stranger!
ESPN had this 4 train montage start in Union Square, which is probably the part of Manhattan where people care LEAST about the Yankees
Oh, man. That's awesome. Beyonce fans have claws!
GNC, it's a perfect place for you!
I get cranky wen im horny n cnt get it in >_<
Niggas brag about the lamest shit...brag about being a solid person & a good friend!
send us ur music, photos and bio so we can feature you on , we def support Indie artists.
Thanks Nova.
Bout to sleep too good.. Lol again
First tweet! Finally ready to songwrite professionally!
Here's to a Happy & Healthy 2012 around the globe!
Me && are getting ready for the show tonight at #ReserveLounge COME OUT!!
I know, right?!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Be sure to check out Jordan Ventures Inc's eBay listings & follow Austin D. Jordan
we need something that aggregates the "daily deals" that are now out there... between groupon and local media i have at least 12!
Henri Poincare~ Thought is only a flash between two long nights but this flash is everything.
Awesome way to get in shape
I think those little white hankies that the fans are waving are surrender flags.
Good am everybody. We have made 2 order breakfast sandwiches til 10:30am. Come in & get 1 for yourself and 1 for a friend. 101 Stewart @ 1st
Just go up to watch the f1 race. Hope its good !!! Have a good people on twitter
yes!!! You are the best!
Why do we press the start button to turn off the computer?
seriously??? Does it scare you like tornadoes???
He called me earlier & was like "Hey, beautiful." >>>
I mean the score right now. 6-1
Muslims are advised to use this phrase when such names are mentioned or written
Leaving at 11. Going to the Hands on Museum for the kids, then the fountains, then swimming. I'm really happy today. <U+2665>
Lol RT : ": Today is a good day to hit up Kopps's <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>"--- yes, a burger, shake, and onion rings lol
there's a living room in pt loma? i kno the one in la jolla and college...
He came in to the office to try head joints, and was convinced he new exactly what he was looking for...
Packing up way too soon. And I didn't even get to use the bed!
For us, the best Christmas movie of all, Diehard of course, but ID4 is still a pretty incredible guilty pleasure...
Apparently there's a whole world of people who are already up and doing things at this hour...
Congrats to my hubby Bob who finished the San Antonio Rock n Roll 1/2 Marathon with a time of 1:46:05!! Not bad for a soon to be 58 yr old!!
thanks for the well wishes. nothin but love for you. let me know if you want to come to the june 29 show.
omfg tell him to follow me okay bye
Hello peeps
Thanks to and for the best Bday presents!
this needs to be chant at some point!! Just saying!
thank you!! Thanks, also, for braving the nasty rainy weather to support us!
The Lake View HS corporate partner is Microsoft!
Such a beautiful day to not have school
Hehe. Yeah...enter long sigh
Just landed back in PHX. But we have no gate. Um... Crickets! Who messed up the schedule?
An old acquaintance severed burn the world your last endeavour
Boutta be at work
cuz I just found out the guy I like, likes the girl I don't like-_-
Ken Starr, you sonuva...
#RT Got all the mixtapes and mix CDs on deck only for $1 #Dollar get your CDs #ASAP before prices change
karma is a bitch, just make sure that bitch is beautiful..those the words right? Lol
": u for real? U were suppose to wait 4 me!! Lol" yep im serious at one of my favorite resturant
party gone b weak
RT When u work hard u don't need luck! Hard work + opportunity = success.
#FF Festival w/fully improvised narrative works, plays & characters on the spot! #improv films, jams, more! 3/23-27, Midtown
aww thank you!!
what an honor the Giants awarded you the game ball for having the talent and heart of a true NFL QB star
God I hope so!
ALLSTAR WEEKEND IN ORLANDO @ THE BEACHAM W/ RICK ROSS, 2CHAINZ, DJ NASTY
Brunch, winery on this beautiful day....
I get all the dead ends cut off at the end of each month!! My hair just grows like really fast. haha
the only thing getting me through this week is the and concert this weekend!!! YAY :D
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -- Alan Stein ()
thank you Sara :)
Test batch of #glutenfree mexican hot chocolate chip cookies today. Never made giant-sized ones before. Calls for wee bit of experimenting.
“: Headed to pool party right after.....man I love Dallas.....if u don't know u just don't know.....”
what if the pbl lesson is driven by sudent interests. The "p" in pbl can mean both project and passion
We are so excited to have you! RT : I am so excited about on Sunday!!!
May your prayer of listening deepen enough to hear in the depths the laughter of god. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
You know that line in Alanis Morrissette's "Ironic": "it's like the cat hairballing after the carpets are cleaned"? Just happened.
DRINK ALL THE BEERS
Wendy Williams gave a shout out to Twinkies!
Never ---> RT : Is it too early to get liquored up???
GREAT entertainers to
Looking. For shose
Fair point but you know fast sprints were never my specialty..
Great video, thanks!
I love my mom and gma... I have never seen my gma mad or sad its crazy... She is a naturally happy person
Congrats to for scoring a 32 on the #Wonderlic. & scored 25. I had 23 a 20. All above average
They need to be happy he's alive! Forget rushing him home
#inthe90s we dreamed of having beards like Al from Home Improvement
cause, you know, I obviously hate baseball c:
You've been drunk fro a week!!!
It sure is hard not to mess with TX when y'all are so delusional.
Dont Make Permanent Decisions With Temporary People !
Dx i wish but im fucking tiered, but maybe ill go cause you know your mom wants me haha j/k
Aha , he dont never be doing anything(:
:333 thank's
Starting school on wednesday
Trying to get to Denver Co. for the weekend for the Wisdom Course. Anything you contribute would help me. Cynthia
Very good to meet you Dan. Thank you for joining our conversation :-)
oh you
Have a safe trip!
Why so early?
says "tonight we dine in hell!"
Guessing Brown didn't write up a play for Blake to take the 3, down by 1. If it worked it be diff story but it was bad. Kobe only shot!
Congrats! RT : Congrats to Alumni Relations & Development Comm for donating most books!
just got the galleys for Bryan Charles' latest, forthcoming from Open City in Nov. Can't wait to dive in.
congratulations on the new baby boy!
#3WordsForYou you're kidding, right?
Dale earnhart jr did will today
Thunder are prone to giving up leads, but Lakers will need to slow it down and get better possessions
awesome night! ready for a great day of ultimate tomorrow
its the best man.
I used to love that song.
Hiya Friends! So many amazing things happened in Albuquerque this weekend. Which one(s) did you participate in?
Got home from Nap at about midnight and I'm the only one awake at work.
She said it, boom! RT : > is funny....that is all.
Haven't tweeted in so long. Hey guys. :) It's 5:50 am where I'm at. :O
#3d tablets and lenticular screen solutions
Liz: Who are you to talk? You French-Canadian kissed her mother, which is my name for French kissing when it bums everyone else out.
Still believe!(:
was this channeled?
Terrific #codeforamerica talk today from Watch for continued coolness from color.
yes. But I feel sad for him a little bit
wow! That is so unbelievablely sick! Had to b a time that somebody decided to break in AND safe was open..sorry. can feel ur pain
shut up ugly !
Is it sad that I don't know what I would do lately if the NBA playoffs weren't on?
Hector Santiago is the #WhiteSox Opening Day closer. Unreal. RT : Matt Thornton is up in the pen. Here in the 7th.
With home made date nut bread for dessert. They better appreciate this $50 meal :))
Glad to hear you enjoyed it! Thanks for sharing :)
So often we think of what WE can do for the animals in our lives or in our community. Yet they provide so many benefits to us simply by...
It's shit that haunts my every thought. There's been far to many lies and empty words. And there's only one person to blame.
#1thingiwant4christmas Peace on earth--and if I can't have that, a new Coach bag.
New This Week | Seven new jobs and four new online learning opportunities. Find them on the Programming Librarian homepage.
The system won't give us opportunity, we just need to dig deeper and create opportunities.
should text me like noww.
Sometimes life throws u little surprises to pick u up when u least expect it to
Ah good, now I can tutor my children in the ways of righteousness.
Can someone get me a meeting with Elaine Strickland? Or a position as her P.A.?
I wish you cared about how I feel..
Heyyyyyyaaaaaa:) I miss you. Kay bye<3
Thank you.
awe. thanks. :)
Never really understood why people put hashtags on Facebook? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
That awkward moment when you realize your girlfriend is waayyy more badass than you... :]
RT : Follow our friends at ! We have a great deal with them on the horizon for a guided electric bike tour!...
wht up?! Oh an u know tht person who said someone was crushin on u.... well tht was me :-)
I win.
My STS students are writing technology bios--probably most excited to learn about history of pane glass windows. Yes, I'm serious.
Always a sucker for dreams-denied stories, I still cry every time I think back on short film "Tsuyako", seen at #SDAFF12 .
right lol harmless sticky notes
your very welcome :D Hahaha yeah I'm pretty random (:
hahaha no too much work lol
Come now, Milwaukee, it's nearly February. You should be frozen, not smelling of an open wound.
Brandon Weeden was drafted by the Browns yesterday and immediately became the second oldest starting QB in the AFC North.
I'm good I see you over there with 3k of followers
Hope everyone is having a great #longweekend!
Thanks for the tip, I appreciate it!
So beautiful out.
I have always thought that too!
ps I have something in my apartment that's
rather disappointing. I haven't forgotten your recommendation of The Last Circus, which I plan on watching while on break.
nothing like a little Cam'Ron to soothe the soul.
Store all items in a cool, well-ventilated area. Hot attics, damp basements, and garages should be avoided.
I feel unstoppable when I wear SNOCLOTHING haha. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
It's good if it's under 1 minute. Dramatic or Comedic. Age appropriate to the range you play. (:
About to listen to a session on #RealTime in which the hashtag listed is #RT. #RT in Twitterland = tons of retweets...
Keeping a food journal decreases the likelihood that you'll eat unhealthy. It's like you're judging yourself as you log your meals! Do it!
MY LIFE IS YOU!
fine with mee.
More important to one's success than a to-do list is their stop-doing list. I need to watch less TV when I'm tired.
#zazzle #shirts - Ladies Baby Doll (Fitted) - Setting Sun Shirt from Zazzle - tinyurl.com/6betudx
HS senior Megan Parker is talking about her work with at-risk students & #MyIdea grant. "schools are for students."
in part!
I still love the AppleTV. I could watch the cover art float by for hours...
just did aerobics for 1 hour and burned 1118 calories. Total burned so far: 1118 calories! on 4/9/12 at 1:34 PM
Go CAVS! Casspi looks nasty. Wonder if Mike Brown misses bitter winters?
something tells me this was not something Mr. Churchill said.
stay still!
What's a "Santorum"?
just left the park. It's coming along well.
this wicked sunburn made for a very chilly day.
To even remember those teams means no apology necessary. RT Sorry, guess I meant 1970. Forgot about Boomer & his 'taters'.
What are your thoughts on what happened with Coach Alford and the BYU player?
Just arrived at the #gwgala. Come visit the table
My girl got a girlfriend
ahahhaha. a great laugh to start the day.
#SUPPORT THE HARD WORKERS AND INDIVIDUALS WHO GET THE JOBS DONE!! #MUA #STYLISTS #PHOTOGRAPHERS #MODELS ETC.
A time-traveling robot monkey seeks to avenge his daughter's death by uncovering a mysterious conspiracy. Plus ghosts and aliens.
I could totally go for punching something. Wall, stack of paper, car bumper, whatever really.
I think I have the worst following/followers ratio of anyone on Twitter.
stop what you are doing a take a tme out!
NO4 IS SO GLAD TO BE SIGN TO THIS LABEL.RT
very excited for the champagne party at #dc this evening with and !
Thanks for your RTs, #RonPaul's true patriots!
We're a partnership company at Facebook
Snarky pop culture tweets of 2010s=useful knowledge of the 1930s
Judge Judy sexy hot. Her judgment interactions, fun to watch.
Jaleel White takes his final bow on &quot;Dancing&quot;
Males are the dumber gender.
Listening to 's older stuff and just has that healing effect on people, ya know? It always lightens up my day.
Has anyone gone ring shopping at one of our FlyerFit retailers?
I was a bit tiltet in the hand and squeezed with A-Jo. What did you have?
UPDATE: RT : Blake Griffin says there's no doubt he'll play tomorrow vs Spurs. Says his knee is "about 75-80" percent.
you know I gotta ask, are you considering NBA next year?? We are (Q Q) <<-----watching!
"Scrape. Feel. Dig. Believe. Ask." And from Microserfs "Tell me you feel this fire" I'm so glad I found your books.
PB Ale House will be part of WaZillo, great meeting...!
Gone surfing @ sanjuandelsur ...oink!!
Take that back, BetenCOURT! Sorry, I ever doubted you.
Q:“Let the son of appointed daughter first present a funeral cake to his mother, then to her father, the funeral to his father s father.”
Ok! I didn't think so, but I was just checking b/c I have a pretty hectic schedule this week.
follow me and you will get some!
If you ain't dippin' you must be trippin'...
Congrats just celebrated 16yrs first week in Nov. RT : Happy 5 year anniversary to my LBs & me! Damn can't believe it's been 5
This Laker beating is so BAD I'm not even enjoying it.
Yeah. But shhh. Don't tell your dad:
My neighborhood smells of bbq and cheap tequila.
M Chris brown
i'm a paid ass stoner which means i can buy all the motherfucking munchies i want fool
Oh I just scared the shit outta ... did you hear her?!?!?!
I'm like a kid in a candy store looking for that perfect piece of candy, then you came along and became the sweetest thing in my world.
y'all probably end up coaching aau in 10 years! Lol
has an amazing singing voice. like no joke...i could listen to him sing all day. <3
oh god there it is again
what mood is that
Er... Live show this morn, Sir?
I can't imagine having only 6 minutes between classes. That's outrageous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Ch-ch-ch-ch-changes
Today was a good day. And Eleanor Roosevelt knew why: "Great minds discuss ideas; Average minds discuss events; Small minds discuss people."
Don't talk about it, be about it.
HAHA love it
I feel a bit thirsty
damn my dawg we headin that way on saturday would you show my squad and i around?
Georgia SB 414 has officially passed!
too good!
So jealous. Mine should arrive on Thursday. How is it?
and we have to figure out how to do it from 2 dif states
I was going to play basketball but then the gym is closed for reservation.
duh im sure u dont have balls lmaoo
Grape soda is so difficult to come by in Scotland. And it costs $1.50 a can. Definitely worth it though.
Is Angry Birds educational for children because it teaches physics?
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think..
I bet David Fincher gets the rights to the Mr. Potato head live action film
“: "Shawty said the nigga that she wit ain't shit".” call him so he can get it juicy for u!!!! Lmfao so I letter lick the rapper
thx much for following. i'm totally addicted;finishing 1 parasol protectorate bk every 2 days. VERY excited abt new ya series!
Thanks for sharing with everyone!
can u follow me plez ;) <3
Pssst… go buy 's new EP! Now on iTunes! :)
Anybody can lower prices--but can you raise the quality of the products & services you offer?
I KNOW I AIN'T UGLY THOUUGH ! THAT'S FOR DAMN SURE ;)
Wonder what my baby doin?
omg ugh whatevs
Once my respect for you is gone, you really can't get it back..
pass me 3
The amount of cough drops I've eaten today is ridiculous.
See any movies this past weekend? Let us know what you liked!
In most cases, people want to network with you not because of your talents but because of your connections
All of a sudden I realized that it only hurts worse to fight it. So I embrace my shadow & hold on til the morning light. This too shall pass
Don't blink, they won't even miss you at all.
i hate five guys its nasty y do u like it ya weirdo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Popped the string in my sweats yesterday from a spinning class, it was critical!
amen tommy.
Is any one else really bad at coming up with some titles? Gah we suck at it!
I agree. I think the tenure line limitation is bad policy. I was just restating policy.
Chilling' on a dirt road = anthem for the barnevald drive
also just to tell u I also play hockey
Love the people who treat you right... pray for the ones who don't!
LOVING 6/29/11 guesting on Jay & Silent Bob Get Jobs podcast. Come hear the softer side of Ralph on Smodcast,com
Apple May Announce an iPad Upgrade in March
RT *house lights dim* *cue fog machine* *cue music* *cue silhouette spotlight center stage* *cue stage lift* The LeRi...
I've been trying to fucking remember Streetlight Manifesto for a while! Yeah, we've seen them. Still fun.
RT if you have braces: favorite if you don't
how far along are u? :-)
You're welcome! Thanks for stopping by!
Doing this one right
Love Actually is on!! i bet wants to watch it <3
Hello ICONiacs! How has your day been! Who wants to play what would you do?! ~Ashley
Damn at least ask if you are goin to bring someone to my house and on top of that an asshole who doesn't pass the blunt.
Check in RADIO AND SHOUT U OUT
CVC video: Are we facing a surplus of veterinarians? Dr. Mike Paul weighs in the implications of the increasing number of veterinary scho
On recruiting influencers for npo events "teams that are social bond & are loyal to not only your event, but the team"
I wonder if anyone has noticed that I've been wearing the same pair of shorts all week.
The turnout this weekend was GREAT! Spring Break is in full swing - hope all you crazy kids are being safe...and going crazy - OKC style!
#how2pleaseahoodrat do some hoodrat stuff with your friends!
I Love My Friends !(: <U+2665>
and said they had concerns with Tax Holiday bill. SB1069 is on to Approps.
Stop acting like Selena is the only one who is lucky....
I have some magic beans to sell to whomever believes this RT : RT : Pedroia was measured at 5-foot-8 3/4 today
just had a cool chat with a future save20 product - OMG peeps stay tuned
You know that feeling when you have been troubleshooting for hours, and then you finally figure it out. Yeah, that.
Anxious to get home, exercise, and complete Relief Society tasks so I can then watch Once Upon a Time!
URBAN NOISE: Winter Festival - February 23rd at Brooklyn Bowl! - DETAILS TO COME!
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Clean up Time
That sounds SO amazing!
But depending on The Maine's signing I might not stay. Just saying!
Liked it a lot, the story and the little girl were very powerful as to what someone in her shoes may go thru. #Pariah movie.
Santorum-Gingrich is becoming the Sanchez-Holmes of the GOP
I'm getting lonely feelings a lot more than I used to. Even with a prospective, I'm still like blah. Nothing feels genuine.
Thank you all for coming out yesterday for Mardi Gras, recovery starts now. Bloody Marys necessary.
Watching DC United game. DC needs a win badly if they are to have any chance to make playoffs. The injuries this year have been awful.
lol how they are all fake
HAPPY BIRTHDAY RICKY!!
"She came through, she brought food, she got fucked, she knew wassup"
mostly wanted to talk about TEDx and Startup America!
What Are Parents? I Have Only One
what's your favorite song off the album?
If you or someone you know lives is Houston, TX- than tell them to check me out in The New Movement: Houston Harold Weekend!
She want that c c c c c c cake... Oh baby I like it.
Omw to the meeting !
haha how is that supposed to help you get to sleep? Or cool you down lol
Yep. Working on it right now.
When, where, why, and how can I get in?
if Sarah Palin could see Russia from her house, how hard could it be for Johnston to spot a stack of Trojans at the Rite Aid?
I'm gonna cry!
Lol, lady - you are a rock star!
i kno. lol i kno you a girl ma
Are you guys doing anything at #PAXEast that relates to SG?
why the fuck would I pay for you? Like hello ain't no body told you to quit your job.
I know right! lol
Alright guys we hit 700 yesterday let's keep adding followers today!!
okay, catch you later!
What campus did you graduate from?
im gonna make my own band whoohoo me and my bestiee :D
If you don't like what you're doing, then don't do it. ~ Ray Bradbury
i want a follow!!! I love you <3 and im actually wayching u right now on tv lol , pleasseee:)
"Eww I like that picture though"
Still looking for a basket weaver/maker in the Mke area to help out at the next #CommunityARTReach event.
haha I will
then I'll just pursue for the truth! Good luck w your head in the sand
I Only Allow A Few Into My Heart. Its Only Right Now A Days
Denver is what the knicks could have been if they didn't trade for melo & let him come to ny in free agency
truffle shuffle
There is no better backdrop for a Bowl game than the San Gabriel Mountains. Stunning.
It's financial training day at City Hall, but it seems one of the council members is missing out on the fun. What are you up to ?
story of my life~
It's hard to find good people in your life.
we like! RT : Feeling great after a good at home yoga sesh :) Get at me bro.
hey Sam! You're an amazing back!! Best wishes!
Listening to them now! The Janes Addiction show?!?! How was it?
Can't wait until next weekend. All of my loves we will be in town and we are ALL gonna be 21!!
MEN: Don't want to go to the doctor? Don't "have time" to "eat right"? Look into your children's eyes & the one you love & re-think that...
so you rub mud on your face?
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste. I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
And for those that are okay with civil unions but not marriage, get over it. Why one and not the other?
shut the fuck up and honor
I got that e-mail and thought oh dear gawd why do I not live in NYC?
Leaders must desire to surround themselves with people greater than they. UnCommon Leaders don't want "yes" people. Honesty & new thinking!
Enjoy! RT : Dinner tonight via popup w/ ! Counting down the hours :D
they think it was a 5.8.. That's what everyone at the mall is saying.
It was a pleasure meeting today and hearing her speak about the future of scholarly pub'ing. Thanks, and !
Haha, 2PM turned into naptime for me today too! Not sure if it helped...Z...
You do. But not all of them make the FB album. *whistles*
bro, its not starting stuff if all you do is ask a question.
this is how we start EVERY weekend!
i hope wins at the teen choice awards!!!
oh man...decent episode except I was worried that someone was going to break a hand with the amount of backslapping going on ;)
I'm still up for it!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust11
“ Dumb Niggas Hustle For Hoes <U+E253><U+E423><U+E429> Young Niggas Hustle For Clothes <U+E302><U+E006><U+E007> Real Niggas Hustle For Goals <U+E11E><U+E425><U+E035><U+E42E><U+E51A>””
So beating self over head for missing this one... what a mizRubble night. Drunk ass house guest made me mizzzrubble!
Morning twitter
If God created us in his own image, we have more than reciprocated.
so sleepy at work...good thing there are no clients to see today
The #Rockets need a star so they can start to get calls going their way from the refs.
california raisins keep me feelin jamaican
Stop taking in stray animals .... Get rid of cable....
Thsi Class Is SO Boring . . I Just Want It To Be Over >:(
I CANT
#4DAYS and counting. #BOYFRIEND WORLDWIDE
sorry to disappoint. There's always next years nat'l cleave day. Something to look forward to at least
Same here! Love meeting social media peeps IRL. See you at Wordcamp next weekend!
Which reminds me.. hey are you or did fill out a NCAA tournament bracket sheet?
Im Searching For...#RealLove!
Back to the grind after #bigOmaha Time to innovate and make #ecommerce simpler! Thanks for a great show
Trying my new Guide5 this morning on a 5-miler #marathon training.
i would like to visit you in the far off land of nevereverland..
I know youre not going to the game!
Maybe we could do a dinner for all members too..
Agreed. Me to: getting old, switching seats!, and class skippers. I really hate the students who change their clothes or hair! :)
ROBERTT GUESS WHAT!!!
Library is closed on Sunday, May 15th, but good luck to all of our UB graduates!
Hello Chris. Welcome!!
Ready for the New Year!
Can I watch with you hmm
I need to go spam him
Rothstein showing his age! Still hanging out at Turtle Bay in NYC on Sat. Nights!
This Clippers Grizzlies game is getting feisty
We supersize work and ambition just as unhealthily as we supersize fast food. Our instinct for knowing how much is enough is off.
Miss playing with his dreads lls
In honor of 4/20 I'm getting a pack of candy cigarettes
liar you can't dance lol
My tweep list just got exponentially better now that you're here. :)
What would happen if I hired two private investigators to follow each other?
Ughh!!! Im So Bored!
We need Senior Production Designers...
Hunting once again for feature-worthy story ideas in the north metro. Any interesting events/people/programs/etc. to highlight? Let me know!
- loved the Eric Winston piece - total class act!
What I need right now is #bacon -
. has just started watching the Lord of the Rings. All 11 hours of them.
Glad you like our Diane Keaton story!
Prefuse 73: one word extinguisher ... Seminal glitch album
Yayyaaaaa. I'm off to bed, we shall tweet in the future sometime! Peace
It's Tuesday come out and get Unlimited Golf + 40 Tokens for the arcade! Upgrade to Unlimited Rides for only $5.00 more!
#LOTR nacho commercial at the movie theatre.
Great music to unwind and dance to!
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. ~Groucho Marx banner #FestivalofBooks yesterday
If I could go back to that day I met u I would walk the other way u destroyed my pride for like a year or so
Remembering that you're going 2 die is the best way to avoid the trap of thinking you have something 2 lose.- Steve Jobs
My muscles are so sore.....
question I didn't come across in your book. I have trouble moving seats to get position on fish because I think it (cont)
end of May/beginning of June i'm hoping.
So guys, I'm sorry but, is my boyfriend now.. <3
Lemme find me something ta wear
Milwaukee's junior guard Ja'Rob McCallum from Marion, Indiana will not play today due to injury.
I hate block schedualing .
Tempted to install the OS X Mountain Lion Developer Preview for the AirPlay Mirroring feature. Can't wait for this...
We have a winner in the contest for most disgusting #voyager list subject line: "Discharges within the last 5 years" Eewwhh.
A good sign.....my husband is laughing out loud while reading his Christmas gift! Adam Carolla's book is a big hit!
could i get a follow for my birthday<33
I'm watching #MarchMadness / Speaking of, how 'bout Jonathan Lucroy and Mat Gamel this spring?
lol! It happens!
why does murray play penner period? or as much as he does? moller is so much better, even if he is smaller.
I was just on your site today. Looks like you have a pretty good season coming up!
As much as I complain in no way do I need saving.
peepettes say that thing works
Well guess its time for some Saturday swag RT : ALL MEN'S DENIM BUY 1 GET 1 FREE TODAY AT NEXT (Beachwood)!!!! (Retweet)
by chance are you doing the Interview with Eric Hutchinson tomorrow?
Pick out outfit, dye hair, take shower , talk to him & the bed & school(:
Our next benefit event will be coming up real soon meeting is this Thursday so come over if you wanna be a part of something great :)
Pain settin in
haha I wish...nope just at work but miss you let's get drinks one of these nights!
i havent played 2k in a min it feel good
John D and Chuckie B killed it in the booth session over rest time and eggs tomorrow
Jello Biafra and Nazi punks? I see what you did there.
I was looking into making a shirt for the Indiana game and I was just curious. Do you make them?
Been here for 2 minutes, and I look like I just played the hardest soccer game of my life...
I'm good with that. RT It's currently 69° in #Madison. That ties the record set in 1995. We'll break another record today!
Good people of - the good folk at wud love a LINCOLN VS. ZOMBIES screener. Can u help them? Big Asylum boosters
We Rachaels must stay together :) Even tho its spelled different. :)
i need new txting buddies
Tweets in yo mouth! haha:)) OH, So were you saying you like MGK?
Thanks for the shoutout Nina! Enjoy the show!
same here. /:
#ID channel
let's not say that, cause idk shxt they bee talkin bout! I bee zoned out
Ok yea its 13176543404
The Blind Side! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
great! how about you?!
dear tech "journalists" arguing about instagram photo quality on iPhone vs. Android. a) get a life and b) no one cares. love max.
now forgive my ignorance, but Quebec is a state/province, correct?
By the way- Thanks for disagreeing so agreeably. It is sadly quite uncommon online re Amendment 1.
Hey there, thanks so much for following!
Followers , if you want me to FOLLOW you ! RT , me :D
Great! How are you? “: How's the beautiful babyboy and San Antonio's best mom doing?”
The difference between a girl and a cellphone? The phone has a "silent" mode .
Hey chica. How are you doing?
“Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.” Lou Holtz
Hes a GUY. He doesnt understand Dawn like i can. She wants a future like idk...the MINE music Video! Love & marriage! She deserves that!
Sara Blakely CEO of Spanx turned $5,000 and a great idea into a billion dollar underwear business. Initiative can take you a long way.
how was ur day ?
I am trying to fit it into everything I say today ;)
how do you justify driving an escalade?
Okay mom jst keep bitching away..
I still have a follow limit. Looking forward to following more folks back after I hit 1850ish followers.
: work work work !
Getting up at 3am to drive from New Orleans back to Atlanta for back to back meetings was such a brilliant idea....
Please get verified! ;)
how do I change my font to webdings?
RT Diet: a real struggle to keep on track, hard to understand why scoff stuff, think I need more exercise to keep this going.
We read a ton over the weekend. What about y'all? We love hearing what you're reading, from books to magazines to articles online.
brand is dead as is, could be converted to niche community (entertainment?) and rebuilt.
you're right about that! Love that place.
will you be there at meetings?
Many thanks to everybody for the birthday wishes!!! I feel so special today :)
Fight the good fight, Stuart! Prayers are with you!
he's def on our radar thanks to you and many others reaching out to us about him! thanks for the suggestion!
hm, didn't know that. I like the argument G+ has to make experience different to avoid lock-in; this is their fail.
Today in the fashion industry we lost a legend what an icon RIP
Welcome to Twitter!!
I don't have time for a grudge match with every poser in a parka! ~ Dr. Horrible
Bad shot. good result
Just scared off some punks trying to steal a bike by yelling "hey", made me feel tough
The big game today is #MSUMich - and a big WIN it was for the SPARTANS!! It was about time we show those fools who's boss! #MSU 64 - Mich 54
I pray it's a productive morning!!!;)
Omg I only have 2% battery left on my phone! D:
#shoutout to the new follower :)
Thrilled that is on Twitter. I expect to shift his focus from in the follow-ratings.
Lol & what are you talking about?? I never took you nutella... I think you have me confused with lol
Straight Relaxing Today!
I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P
Play some D now Sixers
Mark Cuban just yelled "This league is fixed!" Both LA teams advance to round 2.
Last shows of the weekend kick off in an hour. Don't miss in Broad Ripple or Downtown! 8 and 10:30pm. 317-255-4211
Sometimes I really do feel like I'm being punk'd or like cameras should be following me. I mean...honestly. Natalie. Daily.
Don't got shit else to say...lol
In love with my boyfriend but ilikee my friend <U+2602>
We will can watch your concert online ? I'm french i can't come to NYC :(
The shutting down of the Kennedy space station is arguably the most depressing 60 min story Ive ever seen
Somewhere within, you’ve recognized a call to a greater life … God is calling you... are you listening?
Dominique VS Jordan
Saw more than a couple shirts at Ring of Honor last night. Kind of cool to see people wearing their stuff.
easiest way to get glassed in sunnyside on st. patrick's day: order a bushmills.
Finally finished reading It was a wonderful read and I highly recommend it! Now it is on to reading "Glory Revealed."
do you notice all your beliebers!?
what up?
Stupid neighbors woke me up..
Make sure to like this page, the old Einstein! Music page will be taken down soon.
Old ppl r crayyy
Ignore my email. It saved it ok!!!
Don't wait on a record deal. Do it yourself it's 2012. Let help. Invest in your music.
what happened??? PS LOTS to to tell you on saturday!
I got a python but then I freaked out thinking the apartment management would find out or he'd get out & kill a neighbor so I gave him away.
Thanks! I enjoyed leading the session. Terrific teachers!
thats not even funny.......
lol but im like h.... i gotta hunch! lol how come its not changing?
HS softball: Charlotte beats Port Aransas 2-1 in one-game playoff.
Right back at ya!
": Davis biggest lead of the game at 21 points, and has forced 4 straight Evergreen Turnovers to end 3rd Davis 53-32 #wabkbscores"
#yee that's awesome guys :')
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you. ~ Adlai E. Stevenson
What is the best new product at the #hpmkt you have seen so far?
hahahaha oh I miss her
heh. But htere might be collateral damage
had a couple of dizzy spells today....
Boxers like you are what make boxing a joke. ALL BARK AND NO BITE!
A woman's guess is much more accurate than a man's certainty. - Rudyard Kipling
Just downloaded Monster Movie, Tago Mago and Future Days. On the Can... it'll be a while.
Happy Tuesday! Have a productive day!
I call people hoe a lot now! Hmm
Fa reel RT : Tom Barrett says we lost 24k jobs since 12.10 while Walker says we've added 33k jobs. Somebody Lyin. Terribly.
That awkward moment when you catch your crush staring at you and you guy meet eyes<U+E428><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
I went through a lot of that today, it is a really great site.
please follow em ? :)
Still time to head over here. Flashing sign near stadium was advertising half price tickets.
Lost the recycle bin on my computer, that's a new one.
(and friends) -- hi!
A lunatic in a sweater is still a lunatic. I do believe St. Rick's ship has sailed, tho. The GOP will have to deal with Mittens.
": Never settle for being someone's "other" when you have the potential to be someone's "only"."
why is he not?
it is long gone. Also. I have a replacement smart phone atm and don't have your
Thanks 4 clearing that up ": Yup. Since birth. "RT : Has always been that tall?""
: Disappointed covering WHCD instead of replaying prepared testimony on "The Future of Manure" to ag subcommittee.” That's Shitty
good point!
good luck getting me off the ski lift too.. I can't even ice skate - how will I ski?!
it's Lisa HJ from One. definitely follow me here, too.
So excited / nervous about my birthday party tonight!
and B.O.B. on #Leno last night was a winning combo.
Thank you to all of those who came to our anniversary party last night We had a blast and hope everyone did as well!
turn you on some pitbull dawg
me and my best friend belted bubblegumboy during PE
Mitt Romney is Pinocchio... or just a rich asshole who can't seem to tell the truth, ever. Oh yeah, & stop smacking your damn lips weirdo
": so I would like to be fucked really hard #justsaying #sexualfrustration"
Officially qualified as a toothless old fuck.
10% off all Bee Mine Products in stock and 20% off all other products in stock.
Tweet me guys:) i'm bored.
When's the last time a MKE County Executive was elected Governor? When's the last time a Wisconsin Governor was recalled?
RT : Collaboration tools make it easier to access information from your employees.
oh bummer! next time, hopefully we can give you more advance notice!
How are you Jess?
I just biked to school and was totally ON TIME! Take that petroleum based automotive infrastructure!
OMG Madonna rocks the world
We'll have over 100 talented pro & student musicians on stage today for the CSO/CSYO Side-by-Side concert with & JMR. Rehearsal:
Psyched to learn me some PHP and MySQL from at
A wise man once said, "The harder I work, the luckier I get." Look at how are "lucky."#April 27-28....
She is dope
What exactly have I been recruited to?
thanks for the RT and posting my event, you are awesome, hope to see you soon! have a great aloha Friday!
Really sad... The academics apparently don't view commemoration to be important or interesting.
Np, Pierce The Veil - Kissing In Cars
Nightmare For MF Global Customers: They Really Might Not Get Their Money Back via
POKA, supported by both Reps and Dems, would be the linchpin of a comprehensive national strategy to address #ChildAbuse fatalities.
can't remember if i said thanks, but thanks.
Want better content mktng? Focus on the 3D's: devlpmnt, discovery, & distribution nice, insightful post from
thanks for your honesty. We use eCommerce / fulfillment channels to offer mobile discounts on the inside of the box flap.
Cheerfulness and contentment are great beautifiers and are famous preservers of youthful looks. -Charles Dickens
Lloyd should be a NASCAR driver. he turned left well.
dear god.. I can't believe it's April!!!!
“: What is bigger upset lehigh over duke or blazers over bulls??”Bulls were w/o Rose, and had just played Miami. Lehigh is bigger.
O_O I'm bout to just sit on the floor and laugh till I die.
Not a day goes by without you on my mind.
investigating red light photo tickets. Didn't do that 6 months ago?
Film Collaborators directors, Inde Film Artist, Thx 4 all The Updates On Upcoming Features and Projects!
That's why they made whiskey.
the nigga stole my swagg but i don't want it back.
Thanks for following us guys! Much appreciated :) - Jared
Seriously what is up with this "nerd" look guys rock ... Why would u ever rock vans over Js? Fuckkn la gear light ups are better.
OK. All the other big web based services we use post system updates when they are having problems. Sort of a good idea.
Yes! Thank you!
Wat a jerk
I did enough thinking, I asked enough questions; now all that is left are actions.
i wanna be with you, i wanna feel your love.
": OKC better be leading"<<> they won
My hands itchin of winning a future knicks bet ...Lls.
So you Just Depend on Taking Him okay Nicka lmfaooo (:
I wonder if McCarthy knows the words to "hit the road jack "
What if i run out if honky tonks before i get over her
The One Direction US Tour
Is BTR Or The Wanted In The Lead Right Now???
Your possessions are an extension of your person. Keep your attire freshly cleaned and pressed as often as possible.
hey its : FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
I cannot eat one Reeses. Has to be two, four, eight. Nononononono!! :)
Atlanta Braves staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City VA - in town to play the Nationals
RT : "Every Saint has a past and every sinner has a future." Oscar Wilde
Soup of the day: cannellini bean
Happy Turkey Day to all our US peeps!
I've been jonesin' for a smartphone. Is it time to be perpetually connected?
When old songs come on the radio that I love >>>>
ESPN ruined MondayNightFootball & since I didn't watch for the 1st time in 30 yrs,I guess they ruined CFB Bowl games too
I used to sell furniture for a living. The trouble was, it was my own. Les Dawson
The day you don't clean your room your mom goes in your room and the days your room is clean your mom never goes in there.
Watching HOUSE. He's the man
Just a reminder that we are closed today and 6:30am Yoga & 7:30am Pilates are canceled for tomorrow (July 5th). Happy 4th everyone.
wonders if someone driving a VW bug knows they are causing fistfights wherever they go.
Driving downtown ppl act like they can't get hit
Confirmed: Verizon Charging $2 Fee for Paying Bills Online or By Phone
NADI Cinema is screening Under the Bombs (Lebanon 2007) dir. Philippe Arctingi TONIGHT (4/25) at 7pm in the Union Theater.
lemme get some
awee! That's sweet! I used to love my Britney dolls! :)
Yes! Going to the sponsor party next Wednesday -
Thank you!!
sure thing drew
Nothing but tank-tops.
I hate how the weekends fly by
Miami need that win tonite in Dallas
Maybe they have something to do , I do that lol
This is amazing.
"If a Jew tweets it, it's okay."
“ "A good laugh is sunshine in the house." ~William Makepeace Thackeray”
At steak & shake with my sis. ^~^
#SMTips: Open a savings account. Many Americans don’t put enough savings away for the rainy day. Do you have enough to live on for 6-12mo?
I wish someone could come with me in person tomorrow morning at 10:00, FH Neimans
Powerful-will do :)
please don't !!
;-) as my Pops would say: "Amen. And Amen."
Omg I forgot today was a friends bday. Happy birthday dana!! Lol
TONIGHT! Burro Bar! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Trust Issues
There may be changes to our June 8th show....stay tuned for details!
Hi Andrew, Please DM your email address & the order #. I can try to cancel the order for you. Thanks, LM
Have you started training? K-Trax Athletics is offering running classes to help you prepare for the K-Trax Invite: ktraxathletics.com
Good job Yovani
he could do me
The people beside are deep in whispering. Just say what you're saying.
making closets sexy. Hard to do
It's pretty obvious that when you lie to yourself you lose yourself. Not in a good way though.
o: me too!
I'm in! Lol
Love it. Sending you a DM now.
Achor's presentation on happiness is probably one of my favourite #ted talks of all time.
I'm convinced that when a guy and girl are best friends for a long time, they are eventually going to fall in love....
Hate it when people try to cover up their gum chewing habit by smoking cigarettes.
Well we can make it fun! Your ass is coming to #pride this year!!!
pardon me if this is alame question but what's "twitter exchange"?
*hollers at antonela*!
Way to go #North Carolina! You guys proved all my stereotypes. Racist homophobic freaks. You know if there's a hell you'll all be there?
it always is! And it will probably be what ties my comparative dissertation together. A litmus test of sorts.
what should people be worried about?
I feel disheartened.
Trying to wein my self of add meds let's see how this goes
Retweet that Ms Terry - so "TRUE"
Come into our Maple Rd. Store in Williamsville NY to check out our grills !
I have a sudden urge to go to San Antonio and spend the night.And Natural Bridge Caverns. And Corpus Christi. And the Grist Mill. And Austin
So Vampire Diaries is tommorw #GottaLoveTeamStefan :*
You're welcome! We are doing good. We've just been busy writing alot of new songs lately. How are you?
Battle of the Harbaughs with the Super Bowl on the line?
Knowing that you are one step closer to becoming
Thanks Linda, it would be a pleasure to meet you.
why am I awake? it's 4:15am
Special Slice: Slice: Garlic oil, feta, sun dried tomato, red onion, pine nuts and tahini yogurt
lol. Read to your womb in Spanish.
better go back to bein a macaroni n quit bein a bass fiddle lol
Is putting together a build for QuakeCon...
Email from new author "An enthusiastic publicist is high on my list of great& valuable assets in this world" Too soon to drop the love bomb?
Glad hit that free throw. Shut LBJ down.
RT : However, she mistook the "drowsy eye" alcohol warning for a "winking eye" alcohol suggestion.
Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives drastically. Majority wins!
#Pottermore is legit!
Thank you for the RT's!
Fool me once, shame on you; fool me twice, shame on me; fool me three times, I don't think so Paranormal Activity 3
Woo! Hope the Cards bullpen stays like this all year!
I'm easily confused by technology.
you may believe my mouth/is a moon
join us from 3:11 - 3:21 for a silent meditation for global coherence at 11:11 (gmt) on 11/11/11 near the steps of city hall.
Aww Thts so sadd. :( I'll say a prayer the little baby.
RT 44 of my Facebook friends changed their profile pictures. My life is fucking insane.
You're not going to rap your way into His will. You have to be obedient to Him & His Word.
Blood clot in Mariano Rivera's right calf has been revealed as the mystery complication.
Wait, Wait, wait...Melvin Ingram has a handshake w Roger Goodell? Smh...again
Much obliged. :)
It seems like a fairly nice day out. Any suggestions for what to do before the storms and showers arrive tonight?
Hope it works out!! this can be a young and fun adventure
Today was awesome thanks to #oomf :)
Ugh I should not have to do hw on my vacation
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
no way! I love it wayy more!
You ain't no good lmao RT : Get over here woman... Now RT FxckYouPayMe_: I need someone who's gone put me in my place
These beets are fondling all the food in the basket.
Get ready to join & other students & professors on #MAYDAY for a special event !
HAHAHAHAHAHA YOU WISH!!! :D
I did! I can't have the poor child walking around clueless about her school lol
“: Who should i write this stupid capstone letter too” ray
I just burped!!!!
NEW OBSESSION with no streaming! www.playlist.com
Gratz to you both!!
I am not ignoring Twitter deliberately. My son is coming home this weekend (yes, I am excited) so I am frantically queuing posts.
That sounds really good.
I am on the tarc and this GROWN MAN just SPIT twice INSIDE THE BUS. I AM so disgusted&that used to be my favorite seat. 3x.
After looking like the '99 Badgers in the first half, USF looks like the Running Rebels circa 1990.
If you have balls hanging from your truck I will automatically assume you are a douche.
Feels like we're cramming all of 2012 into January...
boobs dude. wtf
Coming back to Michigan, I've remembered that there are very few things I miss...
It's lack of faith that makes people afraid of meeting challenges, and I believed in myself. -Muhammed Ali
YOUR FUTURE: You said you were going to be stronger this time, but already you're crumbling. What to do? Less I'd say. Crumble with panache
Fresh juice is the BEST breakfast. Ever try leafy greens? So good. RT Tada! Breakfast in a glass!
I can't wait for the flashback bridge scene asidhfgodfg and omg we've had so many breaks why does it have to go on a long one
1st radio spin today for 's debut CD "Prisoner of Love" on DC's 89.3FM WPFW! Big thank u to & !
instagram or it didn't happen
thank you sir! I didn't go in this one, NO floor at all. I meant to ask if your calendar arrived safely?
RT : my city doesn't even have the single smh. Star Camp doesn't love us enough :'( <~ WHAT CITY AND STATION?
Greatly appreciate the RT on our upcoming Career Fair in
Evil Dead aren't scary. I only fear being lebronned.
ordering my prom accessories...
...In spite of that, I still respect the man's work.
I sit and ponder how anyone can be a republican today, Boehner, Cantor, Walker, Rove, Bachman, MITT!? all liars, all idiots
No Problem Kiddo (:
LJ is a young 30. Got a late career start behind Preist. Vermeil ~Take off diapers
im on it
According to survey:More docs are saying if they could do it over again, they WOULDN'T choose career in medicine.Details 12
The NFL network plays a lot of dramatic mood music. Are losing teams put to death or something? Maybe their first born children are taken?
Golfing for the first time years. Good to be playing again.
People are crazy!!! Do you ever read the crazy crap people put on twitter????????
Branding is essentially the process of building relationships. It's all about making people associate you with experiences and feelings.
thank you!!!
CONGRATS #CLIPPERS First Round 2 Appearance EVER.. or at least in last 33 years!!!
What is the point or impact of live tweeting an on-site program or webcasting a behind-the-scenes event?
The typical over-the-top NASCAR pre-race show of American military might has just concluded...
That was so much fun! Next weekend more filming for "The Device"
Are you #optimistic or #pessimistic about the #economy ? Are you #hiring new #workers before the #presidential #election ?
Can't wait to see Obama debate one of these clowns
The smell of lilacs in the morning remind me of Port St. Lucie.
Then it has all those bugs , fb is so shity now
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
Always appreciate the pictures
Nigga how did I just slip AND fall on carpet? With shoes on:/
sucks sometimes
Hair spray & iPads don't mix. While attempting to "work" during my hair appt, my iPad got a nice dose of spray and now has a filmy residue.
Rain, reading in coffee shops all day, & dumpster diving in La Crosse, WI. 50-some mi. yesterday. couple days 'til Minn. at our leisurel ...
Knots were always the hardest thing for me in Scouting. I could never translate the drawing into what you're supposed to do.
The fact you are seeing it again makes me happy. It must mean its great.
Apartment hunting in SF again. Oh joy.
ha ha that's funny. Who is the 2012 National Champions??
": naw I would tell ppl to forget about love"ok Tina Turner-what's love got 2 do with it- love is a 2nd hand emotion!
you can be my boy, you can be my boy toy.
tried beersmith, beer tools pro, & pro mash. Prefer beersmith by far.
I think she looks better pre-photoshop as well! Here's to real ladies!
Yea im the reason why you always getting faded
haha! Good! Cause.... Hitting people is mean. And clarissa isn't mean anymore :)
it's so god
Thanks for the follow.
much luck with your surgery & recovery - all us Brewer fans will be thinking of you & wishing you the best!
I would love to hear about the opportunities
didnt think that was possible haha but i guess now it is lol
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships. Helen Keller (via )
RT : Happy #tacotuesday everyone! Who else is glad that we got to skip the #mondays ? hahah remember to #bartab it up folks!
Night of bullshit dreams + 'don't dream it's over' stuck in my head. What the fuck is wrong with my brain
On top of all now school texted me that they r coming up with date for IEP, more intimidation :(
that shit is pretty good!
Ohh, sorry to hear that :( Sounds very annoying!
people are ruder more now then ever. Love you JOE !! Keep your head-up !!
yes! Ask favor!
What do you think it means?
Yeesh. If Ibaka's hitting mid-range jumpers, this Thunder team can seriously take out the Spurs.
missing nyc but so glad to see my house and my family again :)
My daughter hit me wit "your the best dad ever"
Happy Birthday ! <3
oh you know sitting on the drive way watching the lightning feeling the rain drops like a BOSS
Cañon City High School students receive NRCS award
It's only fitting that I end the show that started w/ no theme song w/ a song that begins with an outtake. #Didyoufollowthat? #AmIdoneyet?
Thanks! We greatly appreciate your support and love showcasing your beautiful products. Another photo shoot tomorrow!
Ever have those days where you just feel gross?
I Loved You, I Love You & I Will Love You.
u are very thoughtful Kim
You're welcome!
Does your business offer special promotions for Easter? If so, list them here!
So many kids on the NJT ACRL Train to I feel so old walking forward to a quieter car!
When your friends believe in you although you yourself have doubts :)
Now aren't you glad you stayed home>
Facebook users will never click on ads because there is no gossip in them. It's for friends. Always have to ruin a good thing w/greed
thanks for the #ff round-up! :)
Looking forward to autograph session at #LSP Sat with and the rest of !
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are. ~Theodore Roosevelt
Hell ya son you know! #AllSummerLong baby!
July 6th: 80s night! Looking for more bands!!
OMGOMGOMG. DOES SOMETHING GOOD MEAN LIKE TICKETS?! HOLY FUDGEE. PLEASE FOLLOW ME? I LOVE YOU, BROO<3 :D xx
when does that happen?
sleepy. x_x you?
I got more than a thing for you, tattoo in ink for you..
Offering 15% off out line of custom scrubs (check out the new designs!) Thanks for following us!! Coupon code: USAUSA
Join us 2night for grilled salmon with our OWN swiss chard, yellow tomato with arugula salad served w/ arugula pesto. All fresh & Oragnic
no it's not.
challenged by institutional friction at #usnatarchives; old guard resists change; old methods die hard and so too their adherents
...it WAS until 1) people kept asking me for things and 2) one of my minions got off with a light sentence from Twitter jail.
Lmao RT : Hump Day is for people who don't get any... WATCH YOUR LEG!!!! Lol
create it yourself! it's so much more satisfying (and cheaper) than buying it.
Yay!!! Enjoy. We love you guys so! xxoo
Meh. :( I do too now! I'm still scared though.
Can you come hear me teach/preach on worship and the temple at Union next Wed at 9am... And critique me for class?
Hey and ! Wish that you could post a list of wwe superstars who are on social networks. There are so many fakers !
Love makes time pass; time makes love pass.
and you're so much prettier when you smile...
Excited to Demo zipongo at #futuremed today! Who else is going to be there?
just finished makin a beat now im finna hit the bed wit the fam
impact factor GET! eigenwhatshisname just co-authored 457 articles with me
Big Time Shout Out to my Bestie Love ya girl
Blah.. Its my last night ._
Off to the second to last game of the season with & friends! Couldn't be a better night on the bay! :)
Looks good! What kind?
Wild Boar Bratwurst today! Also triple chocolate brownies
Join us tonight for the season's first Cheese Fondue Sunday. A fun dish to share - guaranteed to keep you warm on a cold winter night.
likewise! Thanks for connecting!
So my mom saw me crying and she went to give me a hug....made my crying worse. RememberTrust
Quite impressive Kleine. You are correct.
What does Death of a Salesman say about modern America? Interesting povs on
The end of the semester has kept me really busy. Finals end tomorrow and summer classes start on Monday. All worth it to get my degree. :-)
Thanks man
That's just my human interaction at work. My non-work interaction involves other words, like <U+0440><U+0430><U+0437><U+043B><U+044E><U+0431><U+0438><U+0442><U+044C>.
amen my dear
Thanks bud 4 #ff..have a good weekend
Its sunday ppl and we are packed! Love it
TBS DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO GET OFF STICKAM OH MY GOD I'M YELLING
Hottie on the subway smells like some damn good fried chicken. Good shit, don't come thru.
I have seen and collected some of your work :) (social media "cards"). Nice stuff. And from
Ed Ricketts: “Another big octopus. I’ve often wondered if octopi ever bite. Today I found out. Yes, they do, they certainly do.”
I'm gone be up all night.. Studying
I ADNMIRE WHAT HE DOES/ BUT KNOW I GETS BUSY MYSELF
those were the good ol days. lol wait till u get that pig!! haha
do you know anyone living in N Bloomingdale who's working from home today?
It's about time #NBC should retire #SNL The jokes & scripts are L.A.M.E. seriously.
How are you guys doing today?
CFB is definitely one of the greatest sports in this country. The passion of the fan bases is unmatched.
. I am so sorry about that. I just noticed this post. You are eating on us for a month! Can u email me at
Anyone else feel like When Joel Przybilla Has 6 Points it feels like he has 30 points?
did you find out who A was?
If you need help applying it, is a genius at it.
FRIDAY! Enough said!
Just did our 3.1 mile walk for cystic fibrosis :-)
Having such a hard time getting into mirror traffic. It keeps reminding me I'm turning 37. Thanks malkmus. Here's another go.
Thanks & thanks for asking :-)
West Virginia....showing the nation what we who live here already know.,. We not only compete...We Win!
That sounds kinda hot.
Testing the galaxy s
k go head do it
From The Wheel of Contests today, lets see if you can get it right! What are Americans two favorite chocolate candies?
Police command staff to meet this afternoon with Capital and State police, Sheriff's and others to plan for tomorrow: Joel DeSpain
Let's not forget what breing a shredder is all about
Thanks for the follow:
Neat. When was it published?
"I'm not about caring, I'm about winning" - "Suits" season 1
Then stop watching Dolphin games RT : I don't wanna huuuuurrrttttt anymore
make that one(: xx
go look at Justin Biebers latest tweet!!! Like now. ASAP.
I miss you dude :( member when we would go cloud watching & birdwatching?:')
Nap was Refreshing :)
I'm pretty excited about it!
One tends to get looked at cross when one excitedly screams out the word "zygote".
Just wanted to thank you for all your support and help with Hollywood Youth Division. Love having you in class.
follow me UR amazingly talented and absolutely gorgeous I live you fam. <33 xoxox Watching UR show right now love you
MVP, Wayne Rooney! job well done.
Watching Winter's Bone on demand to rounding out all Best Pic. nominees (except 127, which I have no intention of watching) before
Tables turned again And you my friend Facing the other way And I'm turned and my back to you again But you know I got to say...
you are so welcome! We can't wait to come back!
Staying in Omaha! Looked as if Columbia, S.C. was new address, but a job offer came thru last nite, I don't have 2 repack the house again!
only way to do it !
I do use night guards!!! And they help for sure. But during the days...tylenol will have to cut it.
Pumpkin Ale already?
Least her husband can sew xD
same here, but I live up by niagra falls haha
Claro que si! The pleasure is all mine :)
tell me about it
In Bogota Columbia for the next couple of days, Ready for adventure!!!!
No but I got bitten back for being a psycho! =)
Africa gears up for the debilitating effects of climate change as efforts are ... - Newstime Africa
So glad you came by!
According to I SLEEP TALK IN SPANISH
Glad to see you yanked down those offensive Jemima-like commercials from YouTube.
I'm SO sad! Dick Clark has died. He was 82 years old.
r u serious. It's no sons but it helps kill time
Thanks everyone for joining us!
If a tweet humanizes a rep. and help him/her win reelection, it should be considered work. Politics=personal=politics.
We are a Menomonee Falls based marketing company looking to grow our Twitter page and would love a RT!
Words of a true hater lol : MARK MY WORDS LEBRON JAMES WILL NEVER WIN A RING HE ISN'T BOUT THAT LIFE.
Watching WH Correspondents dinner. Do women in DC exercise? Have they heard of Spanx? Many ill fitting dresses.
it's midnite from Los Angeles lol
You win.
I love Oscar too!!!!!
RT : If you're in Gainesville, the coaches' polos are $15 and select hats are $3 at the UF Bookstore.
i don't get the points of bully-buttons .....
Watching true life I have orthorexia all I want to do is yell at these people to go to McDonald's
I would love to go to sleep now and get a good nights sleep, but ghost hunters live only comes around once a year!
I feel like I'm on a roller coaster on my bus ... Crazy ass bus driver .
How is fall in Chicago?
for TChatters: Did you made the Top 10 # of tweets, # of Twitter Impressions and # of Followers...also full transcript!
OMG HARRY I LOVE YOU SO MUCH, NOT JUST BECAUSE UR IN 1D!! PLEASE FOLLOW/RT ME<33 PLEASE :) :) :) :) :) :0
The difference between a good idea and a great idea is follow-through. – Teresa Erwin Crane
I'm on a bastard Detox :( Where do you work?
Im near San Francisco, CA. Ever been?
Biggest issue to signing #11 is $ Letang will be due. If they want to stay together, 11/87 must set precedent of taking less.
thanks for the follow! You might also be interested in too. ~mark
Please, take it!
Good Morning! Ready to go on 99.1 The Mix until noon and 103.7 KISS FM until 6!
hill you fucked up !
Nice to see pollen count "washed out" our entire area really needed that drink
I will never be able to understand how the heck Simon Cowell is associated with music and being famous.
The first draft of anything is always shit - Ernest Hemingway.
SHOUTOUT TO TAYLOR! SHE IS REALLY COOL AND PRETTY!! FOLLOW HER IF U WANT FOLLOWERS!
Missouri voters could decide on higher cigarette tax - Kansas City Star
I live on a diet of stress.
I am HUNGRY!!!!
Consider it "break time".
very nice what movie? Tryna smoke up after
The line at Bucharest Grill is cray today, but this will be worth it. M schwarma.
Have an appointment to cut off all my hair. Can't wait. Thanks for the pep talk a couple weeks back Farah.
*sighs right back*
Anyone wanna take me to school? lol
Teen Nick.
Me too, I agree! The #foodallergymomarmy is the best!
It's by far our biggest challenge-- but in my opinion also our greatest opportunity to re-think how we educate.
we must speak soon!
Nice! Hadn't considered reading as a form of exercise, but I guess the brain is a muscle: Use it or lose it!
Obama Administration Supports U. of Texas and Race-Conscious Admissions in an amicus brief << Good call!!
Woke up with a headache!.
Damn I love me some
Busiest store at any mall...Apple. Stores are insanely crowded.
Have a human tweet your stuff today and tomorrow. Hashtag is
Still on my train games. Round 5
Poll for #divorced parents from a #familylawattorney: How long was your marriage and what caused the split? DM if you prefer.
Man I'm tired of this shit every game its the same shit this is why I hate the NBA
it's rainy and gross outside. but still warm. #summer is so close <3
Will be giving away a ticket every week until film festival starts. Keep your eyes opened and your fingers ready to type!
Please don't take my bemusement as disapproval. I'm glad the convo is happening, and wish it would happen more, actually.
Fuck me like you hate me ;*
I did! That song is good. Idk why I never got into them, I think it was Jonny Craig...
Great session tonite at The men continue to exceed expectations. Demo day is gonna rock!
I know right?!?!
Good mornin all!! on my way to spread a lil sunshine.. up and ready for the walk a thon??
I need my abs back. :(
Good Morning!
And, no, I didn't have poop for dinner. I was having dinner with my wife while my kids had a bath.
Ain't that the truth
So yea....my boyfriend is waayy cuter than urs ;)
Fell asleep for 5 minutes putting my cousin to sleep, Woke up had this boost of energy and went to the gym!
don't worry about the time... Worry about what your going to do once it does..
from - smaller pieces, modular design. ex: for instruction videos: 5 minutes or less.
and Nneka tomorrow!
No TE's taken in 1st round this year and last year. First time since '98/'99 drafts that no TE's in back-to-back 1st rders taken
Yay hard core party.
Great job reporting the unfolding events in Indy, Tyler--thank you!
LOL that can happen. So are your Lakers in Trouble?
Glad to hear that your CD got there OK! Humbled by your words my dear Ken, thanks to you for been a blessing. <3
hellzyah! wish you were in Balto for MD Film Fest trivia/happy hour!
Unless Obama promises me a moon colony I don't think I can forgive him for not picking sparty out of the west.
all I have to say to fans is.... Karma!!! , courtesy fans.
Just met a true playa
that's it, i'm changing my profile icon to stacey's.
These lake show stans should not be talkin anything right now just be quiet
#WeWontWorkoutIf your not gonna kiss my bass
One innate or natural human goal is to avoid &/or eliminate those things which divide us. The natural human state is to be united as equals.
ay I deliver to one of those companies out her she look gay
Wishing I could sit in the sunshine all day!!
At least I made it to Mifflin.
is that you in the background with the long hair?
I need a napp :o
I knew I always liked u
MS VALLEY GUARDS ON THE TAKE?
We are all halves looking to be whole
Pretty Little Liars . Yummie Apple Pie =]
Like creating a key for the whole blog site, then another key per blog entry, then u could search key combo for replications
i could not agree more.
Yes it's mostly comedy, kinda horror. By Broken Lizard... so awesome!
Owen is out at 17 and Brandon is out at 14.
That sounds like a fabulous idea.
I've added another event to my race schedule as a result. With a little help from Mr. Burgess I will be adding Ceraland to my 2011 schedule
I was ok yesterday still in pain though. U?
That "Beef Ellington" sounds good Donna! I may have to make a trip to Chi town just to have one!
#hackoff #valkilmer this twitter game is hard, man
It would be awesome if had the show #TheWalkingDead available. Amazing show.
What magazine(s) would you recommend I subscribe to?
John Dorsey must have a full pack of gum tonight. You guys are busy!
Thanks for the RTs today!
yea, that's typical.. It's just frustrating after working an overnight
New light meter is awesome but only a borrow for now. Switching some lights to LED. Maybe Santa will bring me one for real?
Listening to Afroman makes meh wanna smoke! >.<
Alright I will go do that now
Would you rather have a really deep voice or a squeaky one?
any updates on blackberry 10, new devices and new direction from new CEO?
#Aztecs dominant tonight. Great efforts by Franklin, Rahon, Shelton.
Just heard Todd and #Flames used in the same sentence. Don't. Just don't.
I read Heavy Petting to my boyfriend last night and he started pawing at my junk while crying.
Traffic is so eww...glad I left early, almost to midtown for my first appointment
lol word “ : Lmao Jacoby Ford does look like Kevin Hart!”
<<<a self loving nerdy short mf'er RT ": <<<<<<<<<<<<a self loving goofy tall mf'er"
Ice Skates for Kids - Choosing the most effective Glaciers Skates for- ice skates for kids
Thank You baby. ^___^
lol thats the funniest part. Someones always gotta make a fake account to talk shit.
feels like it's been forever since I worked...tomorrow morning.
I suck at twitter.
If I was ever trying to do dirt I couldn't, not with my 4 year old around. She tells all my business! "well I saw ____ , he's mommy's homie"
In an effort to be a better person, I've decided instead of being selfish, I'm going to be shellfish.
I'm trying to figure this twitter thing out. So far so good. The only problem is I should be working on this paper before class....
How many stamps are in your passport?
ok I know I made fun of you for riot, but I feel like that's a little bit of an excessive reaction just for that....
When a women gets to the point where she don't care to argue with u no more then she just about done with u
Maybe I'm the only person, but I don't get the appeal for #NewGirl. I just don't think its funny.
What is the point of Gary Cahill again?
Supposedly there's only a couple more days of this insane heat...then it drops to just regular "hot"
Have you been wondering about renting out your house for the Super Bowl? What ?s do you have? Send them my way for a Star article I'm doing.
And is it hollerin child day? I told two kids to stop!
good morning bane!
Oh todays Loyalty day?
Loved lots of the speech, but not a word to honor Gabby? Honestly, pretty shocked.
If I were a lame
Was #Thucydides describing American politics? “The Greeks did not understand each other any longer, though they spoke the same language.”
Less than 24 hours until the curtain rises! #FarragutNorth tomorrow night in the regional premier!
I'm still awake. I wish it weren't so early when the whole world is asleep (at least my section of the world).
Tonight it's Lunar with myself along with my homies and !! Don't miss out!!
we also offer free shipping as well look at the coupons try and get all the savings that you can..
i like weird people, weird people who practice good hygiene. just saying.
or is MidwestMahomies already taken?
RT7 things I like about Miley Cyrus: Her smile, her songs, her eyes, her voice, her style, her legs..but most of all: her HEART.MileyDay2011
got married to a man + is old+rich, got a date w/ a man, and a non-human animal celebrated for her breeding.
Looking like the before pics from 'The Biggest Loser' after the holidays? This week's apps will be dedicated towards weight loss/fitness
If women ruled the world, there would be no wars. Just a bunch of jealous countries not talking to each other.
Starting next week I only have 21 days left of my freshman year..never believed in time passing me by until now.
Already freezing
Woke up in a good mood this morning
“You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.” Mae West
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Are the ones i know ill regret
lol. Not to play manager, but you know that excuse makes no difference, right? :)
I bet he gives good head cause he always brags about it. Susie likes him, she said he's a couchino boy lmao<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Picture who you want to be. Write it down. Then go work on it until that person starts to appear in the mirror!
#fridayreads : finished LIFESPAN OF A FACT this morning- absolutely must read this!
We're having Zumba on Friday night at 6:30 p.m. Get fit for FREE!
On a top secret mission at Fed ex office and the dude keeps coming trying to help me. Geesh.
Glad you're making it out to Chicago - see you soon!
>>>MLM News! Nerium International( New Company Listing )
I'm an American, sir, and I will never bow to those who wish to destroy me or my nation.
Hey, don't you know all the stuff in the NLP course already? :-)
what i wouldn't give for mine to do this.
that was Jc all summer and me all of college
I want to hear them
Wtf they know bout Easy E? Lol white ppl funny
Thanks!! RT : Highly recommend new items on the menu.. Thai noodle salad and wild mushroom raviolis ... Brilliant
Ethnographers, which textbook(s) do you use in your university classrooms?
i totally agree!!
Hello Columbus! Ah.. finally Thursday.
RT : Greetings from
My 2012 fashion resolution is to evolve my 'sportswear collection' beyond yoga pants and (gasp!) sweats.
Coffee, another song down, tacos, flashlight taped to my console, and a couple of bug bites on my knuckles. Variety is the word of the day.
never loose u!!! Basics Baby! BRING IT HOME!!! Someone needs too......
Goodluck to & tonight! Go Blue!
where in europe
Exams graded - all that is left - three batches of final term papers...
I'm totally doing this later.
Is it bad that whenever I hear/see Ames in the news I think of the latest season of The Bachelorette and not Iowa?
And yes, they found some.
Played 3 rounds in 6 days... 76 76 78...want to be under par so bad
Are you staying warm and safe?
Lmao « MIDDLE FINGER to this DM --->> "U look sexy how old u is."»
good luck
Can't wait til caps game tonight!
So many good movies on Pre-Theatrical and Theatrical release on iTunes!
It's a sunny 65 Feb day and the Ice Cream man just drove by my house. Don't tease me,
Lol I'm always up late!!
hahaha that's amazing!!!
I think your brother was in my class.
good. Your life just got a lot easier
Thanks bar staff for the lesson in fernet and vermouth.
which is exactly why I only said "she"
Harry potter is starting im gunna piss my pants..
Although today is my birthday, I can't find any excuse not to work. "Make Moves, Not Excuses" - Scottie Spits
yeah.. i'm ok. I can't date Lacy either cuz she is taking care of her grandparents on her dad's side when she is off of work.
Agree, APIs tend to serve a broader set of use cases whereas SaaS apps tend to be focused on a more specific problem/solution.
how long have you been coaching soccer and basketball?
Are you the parent that has to be the "bad guy/girl"? How do you deal with it?
And the AAPL market marches on. They are driving the shorts crazy. We put out another 10% short line on the close.
more clues! :)
Wow another beautiful day in the chuck
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas... learning that it was National Peanut Butter Day! Two trends, one tweet.
Poor pumpkin. :(
Also if any of you awesome people have a spotify account you can check them out on there!
Its that time of Year Again, Summer Dress Code at Work I can wear Shorts NOW
Goin to bed
I have absolutely NO drive to do ANYTHING right now. Blehh!
NuggetHead Savings Tip on working from home - You only have to shave every other day or so extending your shaving cream and razor expenses.
I plan on remaining in complete denial that's 30 rock will ever end
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
email me for more info.
Thanks for following!!
that sounds terrifying.
Brainstorming what the ASECS website should include.
#sdmayornp Filner: arts and culture will decide how to spend the $, not holders. Take care of minds and souls of kids, seniors.
got that right
Los Angeles #MTA votes for good local jobs with
I love way past forever!<33333333
you are soo silly....and you actually have a good singing voice too lol
You got that shit that somebody would look for but won’t find
aw good to see you here again!!
you'll have to tell me how it is!
That awkward moment when you are getting a physical and she is checking your balls and you run your hands through her hair....BOSS
Assumptions get you no where with any relationship period
Santa claus is following meh, ! ;D this just made my day, !
Fantasy Football is killing Real Football
“: That annoying feeling when you're dying to talk to someone, but you refuse to text them first.” ya feel me?
I really want to visit GA before I go to bootcamp. I have to see my dog
I know Thompson. I don't regard him highly--he and the minimalists by and large misuse archaeology.
going to volleyball for the first time in months.
... you've changed.
Don't understand twitter at the moment........lol
“: My son needs to be smacked -_-” ~ A smack on his butt not the face, right?
Sexy sultry funny Sundra Croonquist will be on my radio show this Wednesday 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Sorry. Was raging over Diablo I issues... also I don't have amazing powers of observation... so.... Congrats?
Why not?
Happy founders day to all the amazing sisters of chi omega!!!!
. in! will be recording upstairs. wave hello in between all of the fantastic-ness. shout out 2 4 being taper-friendly.
Hipsters and Librarians are well suited. Both are over educated and the majority are underemployed.
Boys with sleepy/morning voices are sexayyy<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Database showing names of recall petition signers, but not addresses, to be made public by Wis. elections board
Everyone, follow these instructions; 1)Get on Facebook (make one if you don't have one) 2)Search the page Elle Jackson 3)Like it #Thanks(:
I'm hitting you up on gchat!
Going to college to study the paranormal.. have all my life encounters with ghost...
Some ppl need a gps cuz they really need guidance
Thank you, ! Couldn't have done it without you, sir!
Usually UI/UX unless it's a very cut and dry problem: data access patterns are critical and easy to get painfully wrong
If you want to see , and myself wearing chicken hats --today is your lucky day. Ohh boy. What did I sign up for?
You are one lucky dude!
Working on a New Website. Please visit www.sokophoto.com/wp & let me know what you think.
Good Morning Gorgeous!!
I live 12-min walk so you win. Still--freaky! Where is yr piece appearing?
Arutrs was Like wall!!
it's true!!
My Love Just Made my Day with that Simples cute Text =)
This "Shit Chicagoans Say" is hilarious! Its on point too...
“You can have everything in life you want…if you will just help other people get what they want” ~ Zig Zigler
I can cover up the cuts with foundation. I have no hydros or weed or cigs so theres no proof
Convincing my mom to bring me to worlds next year! Worlds was the shit this year!SO MAD I DIDNT GO:(
lmao because your kinda clumsy ^__^
MT :Big thanks to everyone who supports kids access to care thru improved #Medicaid payments for pediatric drs.
sarat further emphasizes that we cannot embrace civility without agreeing on what it might be
if I told you I would have to kill you...
RT : CEDA monthly meeting followed by hour long intro to git. Should we teach svn or git? [what/whose problem is being solved?]
There are the stuck up pricks and than there are the rick girls, whos daddys buy them ever thing they want. Im nether... Thank god!!
Do we have any?
BEAT 'em Up Up UP!
"Life weighs a ton. That's why I love the water. Nothing weighs anything there." --The Taste of Salt
Patron driven acquisitions a big topic today
#chucknorris dosent cut grass he just dares it to grow ! (: 4
yo dude official awk after party tonight. Dm me for the address. Celebrate life!!
U nig**s on the bench, like the bus commin:)
This page is liked to God's Grace MBC and to Rev Les Jackson: I need to get everyone to like Rev Leslie a Jackson.
i can't possibly explain how happy i am that is following me. life complete.
ya I'm to sleepy too comment intelligently :p
Thank You God for waking me up to see another day <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Hahaha, don't forget to tag his Twitter handle!
Sometimes I wish I didn't care so much kuz who's there to care for me
do you get nervous when you act? post "yes" here if you want tips on combating your nerves! and share your stories!
The good hands play is all the holds for the field goals?!? #lame what about that catch earlier by
Hopefully not a hot mess!
. I think you make good points. Some I have pondered before and some I have not. I will take this to my editors. Thanks.
#PreWorkout fuel. Load up
omg, stop. or text me back. but doing just one is just #rude. ;)
I know, right?!
My favorite aisles to go down in #grocerystores are the bread aisle and the laundry detergent aisle :) m
Just got word the new Starbucks Bar will be opening soon near Michigan & Adams.
#TerrificThursday have a great day boys!
You've inspired me to write more. Can't wait to read your book!
Joseph Sanchez: lack of first sale + huge licensing costs = no library collection. CHILLING.
Thanks for the add. If you can make it, we'd love to meet you next Monday for our weekly meeting.
Give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
I just sang #SaySomethin in the shower. Yee<3
#shoutout to follow
Romney had a gift dropped in his lap #uppers. He could have owned Bullying and used it as a way to win people over. Again, idiot.
RT : Electric outage update: 196 customers out, 145 of them in E Mtns. Crews hope to get most of these folks on in next few hours.
Great! We're so glad you enjoyed it!
Much love to you brotha been wit you since yall first dropped Big Lex 1st family ent
isn't it?! The information the ACS provides is important to any area by way of data, but especially to developing neighborhoods.
Orange County is another planet - a funny, strange and different planet. One day of training down!!!
Mr Boehner, no matter how hard you stare, you are not Lord Vader & u cannot choke the prez from across the room :)
KU palyed terrible today. I'm not surprised they lost at Iowa State. I expected that. I'm surprised at how bad they looked doing it.
thanks for the follow fam
I hate saying goodbye to my best friend and not knowing when I'm going to see her again :(
love you to!!! Thanks for listening to me vent today ;p
well, I got the best :)
such is life
Thank you for the great lesson in succinct and powerful blogs and pitches! We're gearing up our pipeline of < 300 word posts!
thanks cheeks
That's lovely. Now make my phone stop freezing.
Per Liu: If we want betters schools look at what private schools offer: Latin, Greek, higher paid teachers.
Come check out our Backstage Tours Mondays and Wednesdays from noon to 1:30. Call 770-445-7713 to set up a time.
5 followers again! Shout out anyone? :))
#blackwater RT Kid in Walmart screaming "i want apple" mom says u cant have apple honey but u can get some candy" o_O
I tried to text but my phone just won't have that. When can I see you?
Lol! I understand. I think a few Crimsoned covers would be simply amazing.
Now hiring promoters...dm for details!
my bday passed got a cute guitar!!!feb,22
Congrats and on 10 years - doin' big things!
Over/Under on # of times your interview with Cal will be played this week? "UK is the only team in the Commonwealth" 21...go
Okay probably goin to turn off my phone n just do homework for a couple of hours...maybe go to the park n lay out there?
should have scored again
Best wishes from !
Face down, ass up!
There are no space aliens in Bumblyburg!
Along with blogging, article marketing is a way to use writing strategically placed throughout the Internet to enhance your business.
Amawele's doing their thing at a South African Market!
RT : glad U like the WOs if u need anything let me know. I really like the back workouts with the exercise band on thegympro.com!
Rationalization (rational lies) --Steven Covey
One more week of school
I feel like I could get a lot of satisfaction out of smashing something right now.
Big 12 tournament >school
At today's Feast on Fashion at Balsan, we're beginning with curried sweet potato soup, with pomegranate, toasted almonds, and chives.
#nw story on He epitomizes the phrase #TackleCancer ...just like our founder did. Best wishes today Mark!
“ In life the things that you can't buy with money is what matters the most.”
I will
Bram Stokers Dracula and Hurricane are now in Voodoo Doughnuts Too. 1501 N.E. Davis St.
You ever feel like your train of thought's been derailed?
RG3 joins Jason Campbell, Patrick Ramsey, and Heath Shuler as Redskin 1st round QBs drafted. Fourth time the charm?
What a productive day!!! That 5 am alarm clock is starting to get to me though ...
Students should do more collaboration across grades. Be sure to ask older students what they learned.
Are you bored, cold, and alone? Come to and support the indie book fest!
thinking of good ways to april fools sean in the morning. suggestions please.
Currently writing for Recruiting for Good
Your welcome :-) <3
i needa go where you at rns
Hugs, kisses and many thanks to and for making me look and feel beautiful today! Love you both!
Made In America, Breed From The Bottom ...
But at least U made it back.
If you attempt to be a contrarian I will condemn you and say "the world doesn't need *that* many contrarians"
Getting ready to listen to on
Drake's On A Plane
one of the pair, yes. And the cheese sticks come with tomato sauce! (haha)
RT: Stop stressing over someone who broke your heart. They don't deserve your tears.
Anatomy/physiology class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> let these 2 hours pass by fast
Thank you internet for showing me how to fix my lawn mower.
Go follow my new music page . Working really hard on new material for you guys to hear.
That white stuff outside is GAY!
I'm sure I'm late to the game, but OMG is today's Google doodle adorable!!!
NPR's pick-the-caption contest - Salt Lake Tribune (blog)
Can we jus fck like its da first time no hesitation
I just saw the most beautiful girl, but she was wearing those huge sunglasses so there is still a chance she's a 1200 pound rhinoceros.
Some good tennis tonight as the young American Ryan Harrison takes on Andy Murray of GBR at the Australian Open.
well to me its Christmas all year round. Duh! I'm a christmasholic(:
Your the dumb one, we're sitting here laughing at yo bum a**!!
ahahaa! thats hilarious! I would have said that ngl.. BTW LOOK AT THE VIDEO NIALL JUST TWEETED ADFGHKEORWIJHGDH.
happy Cinco de (Americans exucse to drink ) Mayo
#BestPickUpLines "I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?"
Oh, and by the way, adjuncts ARE faculty.
can we make our bats out of foie gras instead?
<U+2665><U+2665>You don`t know how much it hurts when he finally tells you who he likes & it`s not your name...<U+2665><U+2665>
baking brownies! m m
Who knew - Today is Hair Dryer Appreciation Day.
The only things left in Memorial Coliseum media room is oddly a few sets of Cardinals' game notes for the Final Four game vs.
Watching some of the Criminal Minds marathon.... A day with tv time is rare :)
I hereby confer my bee swarm mojo to . Go boy, Go!!
I just picked up BETWEEN THE ACTS the other day to locate a quote and I couldn't put it down. Magnetizing.
you too lady!
your a great singer I think you can go far!<33
please don't ever take your fans for granted, please.
I like Rick, I wish he could get it turned around. I'd like to see him back to the CU and UW days. Good guy.
RT what's #TedxABQ? It's the independent version of #TED. Technology Entertainment Design. Great speakers! Look online
#nowplaying "More Than This" One Direction.... on repeat all day!
who is in the background? LOL!
Well I'm likely not the first to observe that J. Halpern piece in 4-30-12 New Yorker is temp.-more-sober jump-off for "National Treasure 3".
follow me? Please;)<3333
is the cutest thing ever & when I watch his videos I can't help but smile. (:
Marshawn Lynch just went BEAST MODE on Philly! Insane run!
eat your heART out <3
In class not feeling no movie right
You're a great people herder! You're cute so that helps!
#slowmoment when im done typin my status and pushing the enter button like its gonna post it-------this is not intant messaging Tammy
It's raining and I can hear a neighbor playing the violin from an open window. $50 says a vampire knocks on my door in 5 minutes.
saw you at wanted to grab you to show you my clothes! cant find you now. booth 327!
1 HOUR!!!! TILL YOUR TICKETS GO ON SALE. #YEE I CANT WAIT
So excited for tomorrow night!!
We Have New Dresses!!! Over 150 new dresses arrived in the past 2 days.. So exciting!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 51
I know... traffic would be an issue, I was thinking cool bc it's along my work/home bike route. Would rarely drive.
- It's been a great episode so far!
So wonderful to collaborate with and ! Can't wait to work with these lovely ladies!!!
Very cool to hear! Thanks for sharing, and welcome to the team.
Direct mail increases US sales $700B+ in the US. Learn more:
Thinking I should order more circulating copies of the Chicago Manual of Style, etc.
#artpolitics convergence between military propaganda and sonic fictions of artists. Disorienting power of sonic effects combined w/ fiction
Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it
#2012 better be the time of my life.
Thanks! It'll be focused on music and culture. We're in the pre-production stages now.
A state trooper is placed on leave as DPS investigates claims officers gave protesters drugs.
;-) are those the so-called thousand year old eggs ?
": what you think ?" I like it
Yeah Gonzalez!
Everyone knows I'm in over my head.
your welcome! A little bit Of verbal masturbation is good from time to time right?
Thanks to all who came out last night to make the night an insane success. That #patio is now broken in.
Update: my new album is in. yay!!
Love the commercials on during
Awesome shout outs to and #glamwiki in Children's museum partnerships session, re: global partnerships.
Livejournal appears to be down right now. Hopefully it resurrects itself soon.
love you too son.. you finally got me
Those beignets ARE good, aren't they? :)
Night at home drinkin' and listening to pandora.
my old stoppin' grounds!
ok I deff will when I get back :)
Ah, I see. Too bad picnik is going away soon :(
LETS go get a gamer of football before the krew or whatever i have kyle ahckett here
Ok, so the kids bought me Laverder bubble bath 4 mothers day. I'm not N2 Lavender smells, but they're just sitting around waiting 4 me 2 <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
LA layover on my way to NOLA
If they offer him, he's said in the past he'll definitely commit.
When your so tired you can't keep your eyes open.
Weirdest school day ever! Thanks EHS for almost starting a riot
Other systems available as well. Such as Goodman , American Standard and Payne units. kewlaire.com
She's a really patient women. Ever find out? Next time just ask her.
Felt like old times
#stopthinspo now! its a hideous idea and has no place in society.
hope that doesnt mean Votto or Phillips!
cheer up, butter cup. Could be worse. Not sure how, but I've heard others say it.
We would love to deliver you
cool! Do u have a pic of the poinsettia tree?
I have that on my laptop too. It's awesome to have.
I wish I could go back in time and relive some memories in my life again when you were there..
today we pay homage to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, he celebrates his 28th birthday. Kind of feel guilty putting this on Twitter!
Hahah no. I just nod and when they ask what I think about you I ask them the same. The girl talk you always hear.
Boys are soo confusing and complicated!
hahaha. I was the same way! And now, I'm obsessed with Boo... and may even have a Boo calendar in the office. ;-)
#ShoutOut to all my new followers
I answered you, Rod. Learn from history.
Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here
No need to be sad! It'll still be here for you! Lol.
thanks. Yes, I'm learning, but slower than I should. Still, never let it be said that I hide my failures
Would love to see your site.
Dam I am so crazy and it is 9:10 in the morning taking a lot of pictures with the song CALL ME MAYBE!!!! :)
#ImHopingThat i can get this house painted today
Great recording session today with producer Jamie Muffett (The Invisible Producer)/! Stay tuned for some new music from us. :)
They're next. Want us both to be there if Bruce calls Friday (hopefully after Juma'a, 3pm ish). What's your schedule like Fri?
Time to think.
Anyone want an American Bulldog puppy? My neighbor (cincinnati) has four of them, free.
Hi Jason, just read your tweet. I'll look into what happened and get back to you today.
omg i'm out, & my phone keeps turning on itunes BY ITSELF. out of nowhere. "How many roads must a man walk down..." huh??
We support local radio stations (7 in fact) not shows/personalities/comments etc.
Reggie should lighten up on Lebron. There's nothing wrong with getting counsel from legends. It shows maturity and respect for past greats.
second half was exciting but it never should have been that close and leads lost. No help from Bench get it together and win Wed.
What an unbelievable week. Lots of projects happening and lot of potential for even more. Happy Friday All!
Bored ass fuck, watching a movie in class -.- this bell needs to ring!!
Come on in RT Hey ladies! we need to invite to in
Thank You! Have the courage of your convictions.
Rejection letter the final. Nothing momentous. An average missive.
Will we need both hands to drink #Trenta sized beverages from ? If so, Knee Driving 101 may need to become part of driver's ed!
Hah done with school for the week, off to Springfield tomorrow morning #buhbye ;D
id love to go see it! was it good man?
i miss and other friends i cant find from barry so much!!!
So sorry to be out of touch these days. We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!
Just posted before and after pics of my hair using the incredible InStyler that discovered... they are on my facebook page!
RT : Disco fries at Ardeo + Bardeo in Cleveland Park...a new favorite! // love those!
Zappos renovating old City Hall for future use - Las Vegas Review-Journal
Is Michigan State playing Michigan U tonight at the Joe Louis Arena?
$2 loose cannon drafts like your neighbors upstairs Otherwise I'm going upstairs every time!
On my way back to Columbus!
If I was in $JPM's CIO/risk units, I'd be on the lookout for Bullet Tooth Tony. Just a thought...
Be a Beta user! We’re collecting emails on www.findunifi.com, and will let you know when it's available
that's why and I are staying in the car.
do us a big favor and drop dead
I was just lucky to have a mom that bought me the cassette; growing up in the bible belt and all.
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho will eat everything in the house
Have fun on the internet check out THE EROTIC .com membership is free. come vote for your favorite lady
More seriously not sure where to stand on #Wikileaks admire persistence & cause but concerned less altruistic will abuse its power in future
At work. I will be knitting.
but you're the handsomest liver.
hahah makes sense now
#Nationals Werth breaks wrist on sliding catch
I still have a place in my heart for band boys.. They look so sexy when they are singing.
I know! So many lulz!
Sarcasm is just one more service I offer.
We did a cue-to-cue meeting yesterday...hope you are mentally prepared to wear the headset.
shit, i knew i was doin it wrong. we'll put him up for 80 and some boxed wine!
appreciate U! #CubanDog sounds good!!
Revising research questions to make them more abstract. Starting out with "what is man?"
oh. it's you.
all about the love Bre-Bre.
Oh, nice. A #lessambitioustheater meme on the Twitters. Shall I join in? ::considers::
RT : Glad to be a part of this and so excited. <--- Yayyy Cc:
Exactly what I was thinking: : Oh my gosh, I wonder if #Glee re-taped this episode to include a Whitney song.
I feel like its gonna rumble my balls, lmao. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> &
Quit tweeting and clean the house, pledge. RT : The only fraternity name I can ever remember how to pronounce is Douch Baga Baga.
We're getting the booth ready for Find us by the Racing Pigs. We'll have raffle tickets, pull tabs and more!
just read smthn i think was directed towards me..funny because i aint do nthn but oh well cant help how u feel....
GovPerry is touting Texas economy. He also decries federal government "intruding" on states w/ enviro regs, healthcare, labor policy etc.
Im ok... lots to say, just not here. Lol Monday?
Same! I'm gonna try to but not positive yet!! Theyre coming to two areas close to me, so hopefully!! :)
thanks again for the Google+ invite, I spent a bit of time exploring it last night and I love it already.
"U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!" Money mike haha
#SmackDown shut up michael cole
IRON & CARDIO TIME!!!
This conference call needs to end for the most urgent of reasons.
Please mention more about the GI Bill and Higher Education Mr. President!
please remember that not ALL of NC thinks that way. But I completely agree with the sentiment.
Remember when Mizzou lost to Norfolk State? That was awesome.
never gonna happen lol.. I'm playing in a tournament and got a game at 7
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
#honestyhour since november till this past week my life has been hell :/
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a roll on deodorant.
#iLikePeopleWho respect and trust the choices women make about their bodies.
Any party plans for this weekend?!
I want to yell, " She's lying to you! He's cheating on you! SHUT THE FUCK UP!?!" but I really don't want to deal with them.
Cant make it nvm...and hit marshall up on fb and get the details cause ima be outta town wit ma'dukes.
Augustine defeats Gonzalez by referee stoppage at 1:01 of the 1st round. (standing guillotine)
#MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways through thick & thin & good & bad love you miley.e
Good day, beautiful people. <3 Hope you take a moment this weekend and catch your breath and remember than you're loved!
haha! True again. It's ridiculous
FAB Friday's Up. Live music w/Todd Tijerina, FREE taco bar and drink specials from 5:30-8:30. DJ 12 Tribe from 9-close. Hip Hop, R&B
My dad was a quote guy. My favorite one from him "you can't soar like an eagle if you hang out with turkeys"
Dennis Hoppers best lines, "I'll fuck anything that moves!" and "Heineken, fuck that shit, Pabst Blue Ribbon!"...too sad.
Does any one know any digital humanities peeps who are based in Taiwan? I heard that there was a #THATCamp in Taipei a few years ago.
She has guys waiting for her at her doorstep, but the only one ahe wants is you.
won't let me get skinny jeans. The world needs to see what junk I have in my trunk.
you're so meeeeaan.
Thanks! I suppose I could have taken minute to look for that.
I love 8th grade students - so helpful willing to work hard and always in task - yep
speeding. blasting del Rey on the highway
it's actually a mixture of eating and reading/replying to emails :P
But, I'm most disappointed in the lack of customer service. #grouponfail #nmmagazinefail (6/6)
you can say what you want. but the NBA doesn't want small market teams winning. they know it too.
Go Cards!
I'm good ! just got home from workin @ Lima night club! how was ur 4th?
Who is on?
Stage Combat Workshop tomorrow. Am I too old to wield weaponry? Hell no! My new actor goal: Find role for a kickass fiftysomething chick.
he's ADORABLE
plzzzzzzz follow me!!!!!
Did you watch Primeval at all? I really like that one. Drama and dinosaurs.
the only good thing about this trip: steak for dinner 2 nights in a row.
Unfortunately depressives become quite expert at masking.
"I know that I'll never stand as tall as these buildings, I'll never quite reach the sky"
Hyped up <3 Powers of Accomplishment IGNITED!! Livin the Attitude~ ;)
lol not a chance...its like comparing apples to drain cleaner...the apps do something entirely different
with some food !
If my stares created heat, the guy sitting in front of me at the library would be wearing a nice, backless shirt. If he survived the burns.
you never ask me!!
": my TL is filled with Lakers' fans , Lakers' haters , and a few people talking about random shyt.. haha cool"
Just fell up my bedroom steps twice running to get mr softee & I miss em hahaha
For crying out loud, _another_ week off? Your staff must love having so much paid time off. What a gig.
Nora Guthrie giving an educational program on Woody's songwriting to a group of students at USC. Woody's centennial celebrations continue.
How awesome you are how bitch you are , definitely people will face you like ..... ?
Cherish The Light Years by was one of the five best records put out last year. FACT.
In his last 11 second-round games, Alex Semin has three points (one goal, two assists). That's...not good.
“A true disciple shows his appreciation by reaching further than his teacher.” Aristotle
My bride and I R Headed to Vegas tomorrow to celebrate our 1yr Anniversary! Such a blessing.Gonna miss Rod jr. My 1st plane flight..ohh boy!
I missed being able to wear a tank top <U+2665> :)
I'm having a hard time understanding your question. E-mail me at .au
They are becoming pros! And as handsome as ever. RT Another pic, Cutest ring bearers. #paulesboonewedding twitpic.com/5nrx6n
I'm pretty sure God drinks Faygo. So this might be your calling
doubt it xD
I love when I see any empty shopping cart in the middle of nowhere- it makes me think that a homeless person found a home!
Be good. Don't go anywhere.
Oh no... Sorry to hear that! :(
You should keep any documents that have an impact on your tax return for three years.
I already mailed my postcard back to the office.
post it, then get some supper..
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose? -Eliza Dushku
because people are apparently too busy talking about Bob Costas.
Happy Friday. Smile today and enjoy life.
happy birthday happy birthday happy birthday :)))
Forget Carl world. I want to live in world. Gotta get me some of that red wine . ;)
forgive ne I'm so late happy mothers day beautiful I wish you and all of your loved ones all the best
no right :o
Giving a presentation with #keynote. How reliable is the mobile remote app? Tests fine. Don't want to end up with egg on my face tomorrow.
What a betting menu today????
Brass Monkey
do you have to whine and bitch about friends, boyfriends, etc, on twitter? cuz thats all anyone does...
do all of us who make the stuff agree with you?
The feeling is mutual! RT You guys are AWESOME!
Send Flowers to ya #Workplace!, like its yo birthday !! Just to just to put a smile on ya face!
How am I just now discovering Spotify?
Better yet, you be Dwight and I'll be Jim >:)
one of my biggest and dumbest fears in life is saying and/or typing boo when i mean to say bro
Pinterest is photo share - you will like it! RT : interesting...have not tried this yet...but tempting~
Sugar cotton & flowers. RT Gay marriage. RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Military vehicles of the future will be made out of _____
Having a sweet hang with myself and some free beer, and decompressing from the madness that is the baltimore tattoo convention
ha! Blessings to you...xo
"make me queasy dont speak no sound, i want you to prove it to me in the nude, addicted to the way you move" lol :p
Katie and I are so fucking weird. Omg.
See what happens when u hit batters?
Thinking the Joe Vitt suspension of six games might be too light considering the latest report by
1%ers gotta get their kicks somewhere.
Loved raj's quote on #bigbangtheory. How is Sex (with friends) bad. It's like sprinkles on ice cream. It makes things better.
. Yes! Super excited. A little anxious. Stomach in a knot.
morning (: hope u have a good day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Excited to see you next week at #govwebcon! Glad you can participate - should be fun! R U bringing sound effects? :-)
People do not deserve good writing, they are so pleased with bad. -- Ralph Waldo Emerson
Getting ready to enjoy a few cold beers...
Going back to school. That was a pretty bad ass feild trip. I loved da. Monkeys:)
what can i say ?
'High Noon' is one of my favorite Gary Cooper films. I hear a remake is in the works. Meh.
Stop complaining... DO SOMETHING
I need new people to talk to . I need NEW friends. Im getting sick of the ones i have .
In calm tines, we say a prayer. In desperate times, we truly pray. - Dr. David Jeremiah. A Bend in the Road.
Just picked up the app. Nice. Will it work on iPod Touch and/or iPad 2?
#2012 Year of In Union!
So true!
This time around I'm not going to allow you to piss me off I'll just get even !!
what up Big G.
High five and smiles, smiles and slaps.
lmfao I didn't know you cared for the nba
Lord, Creator God, grant me meekness today, gentleness, kindness; then it's in your hands to guide my judgment and protect me.
I wish Philly would get a little louder I can't hear the "you can't beat us" chant... Weird...
KD has the only gm winner that I can recall RT who would you say is an example of "clutch" right now in the playoffs?
Keep it a 100 wit u niggas actin like females
Thanks for the Sweet reTweet! (Hey! Are you coming to THATCamp HBCU? Love to see you there!)
A lil' of everything..From New Wave to punk, Grunge, 90's, Millenium, then mix in todays best offerings. Shake, pour, repeat
that's disappointing. I don't think I've ever had a TJ rose. My go-to rose is Mulderbosch Cabernet Rose. Under $10 & delicious.
prepping our restaurants for launch next week! expansive menus, prime times and big tables = group dining made easy!!! A
Keep up the good work! Maybe you can find inspiration in the thoughts of the people of old!!
Well, thank you :)
Dunno... Haven't been to Fenway since '88!
And I will have Ben & Jerry's ice cream every night, while I sleep with my kitty, and baby turtle.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That I See & Smile Like An Idiot ^-^ <3
Oh dear, hopefully the melties will lead to a nice exhaustion factor now.
I'm starting to use British slang! lol
wazowski, we understand you love the gym,but I don't need it on my news feed everyday(: lol jk
studio was great! always fun being around the people that love you the most<3
i do it from my phone. Haha. He's at university. I love him :)
Need help!! How do I pass a drug test
If you are an out of market hockey fan and don't want to pay for xm radio, the hockey radio app for iPhone is awesome
A behind-the-scenes peek at the wheels from Bluemont Dairy in Madison, Wisc. The bandaged cheddar has crystals of goodness:
This afternoon/night was the worst ever.
I'm leaving my house in a minute!
Justin's last tweet got me so happy i was speachless. I just stood there staring at the tweet omg this dude. Haha
CS5 is killing me. Everytime I export to PDF the background task freezes. This shouldn't be a painstaking process...
"Goonie-Goo-Goo." (Eddie murphy Voice)
Please somebody let know that #Parenthood got renewed for another season, she'll be relieved. BRAVERMAN DANCE PARTY TIME!
I just won the Financing and Investing trophy and 100 Points at Black Enterprise SBU 1!
I just backed in the garage! Tweetin' all the way home! Hahahaha! Gonna <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> for a few then build go some muscle #BeastMode <U+2764>U!
Great site, Diane!
cheers! RT : I'm pretty impressed by some of the shows coming to over the new few months.
Late to school . But im fried so idgaf *_* !
The way I feel right now is proof that is wrong about me.
RT : Check out the newest episode (#36) of NWA Wrestling Showcase and watch how haggard the GEA crew is (around the 29......
Yeah, but itll be nice!
Not looking forward to office people wanting to talk hockey. Quiet all year long until playoffs. WATCH THE WHOLE FUCKING SEASON
Thank you, Holly! I hope to see you in Sacramento. I have good days and bad days, but I'm hanging on.
What would YOU like to see in DC for a queer youth event? October 10th y'all!
Tax day is tomorrow and DD has something for ya! We'll be @ the main post office on Sunset/Paradise from 4-6 p.m. tomorrow w/ free goodies!
Why are they British? Why?
LOL dang don't move and forget IM.A.GENIUS.PLZ lolol
Avoided the sweep, I'll take it. No more Cards until July.
Racist bumper sticker of the day: "Don't Blame Me, I Voted For The American"
Cause its been cause health problems for the consumers": somebody tell me why is YAZ the birth control trending -_-"
PSA: We'll be closed for a private event during the day tomorrow, Friday 4/13, from Noon-5pm!
Gunna be another one of those great days! Happy to be where I am
Your Welcome :)
I hate when girls don't wear belts knowin they pants gon fall, that sht sick ta me.
Awesome!!! We're so glad people are enjoying the experience and the end result!
Hey fellow entrepreneur ninjas it's National Entrepreneurship Week! Stand up and make yourself recognized for all your hard work!
. PV must've not celebrated like the rest of us did to be out running like that Good thing him & the boys stay focused
Truck driver delivers third roadside baby
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked
Knicks just delaying the inevitable.
This is awesome
RT : is a brewing and it smells like heaven downtown!
nice, glad to hear you are back in the game
Got music ideas on muh mind!
thank you! It's fun to tweet about such a great band.
Today's MOCA specials: Soup of the day is Tortilla Soup. Sugar Free Lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
It's official.. The best time of the day to workout at #PlanetFitness is early afternoon.
If your hair is combed right, and your pants are tight, it's gonna be alright.
S/O to my new follower .(:
found! : Found and at Stark's bar at LACMA. So....
The Walkie Talkie Radio; Uses In The Private And Commercial Spheres
my favorite is the scion TC but I love the 67' dodge challenger <<
Opened my math book and started on cheer formations instead
Thanking within 24 -48 hours is the gold standard--you are absolutely correct!
Watching One Direction on Icarly. #OneDirection cutie's :)
Reminded me of City of God, which is another of my favorites.
... #1 useful feature is how easy it is to connect to my twitter and linkedin contacts. everyone needs this.
dude, totally. Oh sandwiches... Nice grammar catch btw.
I LOVE the mystery bag! The best part was that I could hear and feel the Skittles in there before I opened it . . .
LOVE your blog!!!
What day are you going? I think and I are going thursday night hours
« NO Lady wants a Man that's a bitch, Point blank.»
Today was good. :)
That awkward moment when someone's voice doesn't match their appearance.
Rodney Carrington is playing at the Verizon Wireless Center tonight He has to be one of the most unique entertainers there is!
It's so hot outside. I'm going to die. /:
no I wasn't!! Nasty!! And thanks for telling everyone I smell like mayo! Even Damian called me it now!! :(
Tight, sounds good to me. Are you selling these beats, or is it good to use if I credit you as the producer?
Hi John! Our collaborators come from all over, and we would love to talk about how you might be a good fit for that group!
Love You Guys! :)
Describing my love for One Direction is like describing the taste of water. I love them so much, it's impossible. <U+2665>
I will release it once the speaking series ends, sorry for the delay
Like Music? Like Social Networking.... Sign up www.iBand.me
Comfirming, i'll forward it to you, right, a tired, so goodnight baba girl x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
Vote Republican, homosexuals! Do you same sex couples want to have the same sex for the rest of your lives? Didn't think so.
Excited for a fun photo shoot with Jeff Frost today with makeup by the amazing !
already am lol
It's July 4th! Which means only 11 days until Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part II!
i will not stop calling.
I didn't say favorite anywhere in my tweet.........
So theres this boy. And he stole my heart. RT if someone has ever stolen your heart
RT : Alan Heathcock and Anthony Doerr discuss their "Top 10" favorite short stories on The Writers' Block, KRXB 89.9 FM....
Completely agree. Worlds away from the disconnect seen two months ago. The effort to create a more positive environment is evident
luv u brother rip
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb The person who made this is dumb.Were called DIRECTIONERS not,1D that's that band.Dumbass.
Hope our MVP's enjoy their special gifts.
Honestly, how are we leading in shots by 20, and losing? C'mon Crow, get your damn head in the damn game.
The college professors and other goo-goo types never liked Your Mayor, but I was always a man of the people!
In the studio!! Laying down some Sweet Guitar tracks!!
Any singers out there? RT
I NEED THE 's tennis balls!:)
Not sure. But will look into it and get back.
I don't like to admit it, but I'm fuckin stressed out.
Lol RT : I have to tinkle but I don't want to break the seal lmao
The vision started from a universal branded debit card, say KOHL'S cards discounts, One Card for all stores, but works individual campaigns!
WHY HAVEN'T YOU GUYS TWEETED US ANYTHING I'M REALLY WORRIED SO PLS TWEET SOON *MUAH*
By the way , even though I'll miss you on , you have to know I'll be getting your new book "Drift" - it sounds amazing!
: RT : “: "If Tebow retired, he'd have a great post-NFL career as a fullback coach_." Quarterback Coach #WCTD”
Hi Sarah, thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
It looks like they are serious about hurricane Irene . I might have to evacuate fuck
My mother wants me to skip clinicals today...strange? Yes. But will I go with it? YES.(:
Second night of hanukkah. Wish I could find my menorah :(
or maybe its just a whole retro-hipster-ironic design thing I don't get. Blinking text would've been too obvious.
Sleep now so I can wake up to another glorious "Football Sunday"..its MY religious experience..
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf your 26 and have no JOB & live wit ya mama let me stop lol
“: your pretty...behind a wall...in another country...over the ocean...with a mask on...in the dark(:”
Ooh la la
I would go get some ginger ale and crackers or something but I am broke. As is everyone these days...
thank u. I definitely need sleep soon.
Having sex doesn't make you a hoe, and being a virgin doesn't make you a saint.
excellent, sounds like an accessibility issue as well.
Sampling today on n. lamar in the #atx. Come on over all #sxsw folks. We'll be here till 3:00 & again on Sat
I'm hungry as fuck wish my Pakistan bros down spring garden was still open.
Watching Cocktail. Tom Cruise is one beautiful human being.
I really doubt that that's your only chance. I think that I say it aptly like once a month.
what i do :O
I Told Essence , Murad Likes Girls w. Small Butts , Then I Was Like That Mean He Likes You , And She Said That Means He Likes You Too -.-
I wish i was good enough for you
Tin•Box of Curious Artifacts is a HUGE fan o breaking molds and creating new outlets to express rselves
Don't forget to mark your calendars! Twitter party is 3 days away. Monday 8-9pm EST! Hashtag:
#AsAKid all the members of See Jane Rock started playing their instruments!
2/24/1777->P Henry:It will naturally occur to you Sir that there are some Secrets on the keeping of which depends the salvation of an Army
The awakened sages call a person wise when all his undertakings are free from anxiety about results - Gita
Wired Waffles wiring the campus! For when real life needs a real wake up!
when tweets blow up my phone << #nooffense i love you girl!
Fun night at Revolution with the !
let's go! RT : The Wicked Hop has 1/2 off drinks, shots, beers, and Red Bull bombs starting at 10! 345 N Broadway
Anyone have an extra Radiohead ticket for DC in June?
this makes little to no sense.
Submitted The Advocator concept to the challenge to win 10K. It was approved! Looking forward to becoming a finalist.
hello nurse!
Slept in a mummy bag with my leg brace last night. It's a long, long story.
And snow it begins...
I wish I had a private jet so I could get to places faster!
Not calling no names, but if you are married & KNOW you will cheat & you live in Cali, please get a prenup!!!!!!
that awkward moment when the drinks arent on the menu and you have no idea what is included in coke products.
A5: ...but you build the exact same dimensions, right?
"Good luck charlie" is so funny :]
That would be a trick! But, hey.. who knows? I am *so* glad they opened the #AHG11 conference up for online participants!
S/O new Followers:
Our team just got back from Canada and is now heading to Mexico on another adventure.
I really like her!:)
I WISH BREAKFAST WAS MADE WHEN I WOKE UP!!!!
I know at least 2 of our judges are gonna love the all-American values of 2 of the #mgt413caw wrestlers (1<U+2642>, 1<U+2640>! Ring romance in the making?
Spaceballs has quite the fan following here at PEMCO. Have a great time watching it tonight!
see you there!
Mac & Cheese is the sole reason I haven't gone completely vegan... M.
I'm A Cougar ,Your A Cougar , Were All Cougars , Dontcha Wanna Date A Cougar to ??
Thanks for your help you know who u are and I definitely know what to do with myself now
RT: Harry Belafonte honored by He was also featured in our "Let Your Motto Be Resistance" show:...
She's gonna be loads of fun by wedding time. Loads.
working hard to bring back this season now that i'm an owner. We got Robin, so we need batman!!!!
I cannot wait to see The V<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>w tomorrow!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Tebow to jets is good for jets bad for tebow
Good Morning beautiful People :D
Nice! Haha!! Thanks for playing along! ; )
soo, what *did* you ask for? :D
Stands as one minus china.
Grateful for a sweet job at a great company. Now that I'm "in" I never wanna leave ;) Tired in a good way after day 1. Excited for day 2.
thanks for the local support bro!
Options can be used to create cash from stock assets in a variety of market conditions
Slept until 11 with this rain in the background. This whole not working stuff has its perks.
Who's going to come up big in the ALCS tonight? More Cruz or can a Tiger make this series interesting?
Love, love, love that Eli loves to help me bake (and clean up)!
Broccoli Samurai on twitter... ah yeah!
Sunday is always my rest day will call my mum today see how she is. Relax; play top spin 2 and go to sauna house. Sweet sunday
working a double at the firehouse starting today! the weekend should be fun!
: nice article on Cousins. Skins are also getting a really smart kid & team leader. Will be perfect understudy for RGIII.
Fan identity crisis
oh, yes. I can attest to that.
can seriously get anythign to trend JAMIE LAOU LOVES CUPCAKES !
Congrats to Nancy Lee from Jacksonville ISD! You won our Texas-theme giftbasket. Come by Booth 1814 to get your prize!
Welcome to the paper!
#RejectedMittRomneySlogans IT'S A HAIR PIECE
It's not what u do that determines what u believe, it is what u believe that determines what u do, what do your actions show u believe in?
Thanks Jennifer! Had a lot of fun!!! hope you are doing well...spent the weekend with Tim & Lisa. Timmy's birthday...
haha u probably can.
Almost home :) passing vail Colorado.
This twitter so cool n fun yay lol
Up in his rooms, 'Abdu'l-Bahá is talking to about 20 white women about the advantages of interracial marriage.
Dear , Why did you make watching video on demand thru Comcast so painful? Couldn't finish 1 show too many commercials, no FF
You need to upload another video on YouTube!! I love hearing your amazing voice! :)
hailey tell 'em baby, my dad's lost.
I am looking forward to your article on GLWBs (or GMWBs, GMIBs, and all of the other acronyms)
Blondie the Clueless Cat is sitting under my car. Brings back happy memories of the Garage Kitty.
yer welcome n done. Good stuff mate.
Today is just one of those days where I don't want to get up from the covers but it's hot as hell in my room :/ lazy...
As long as he's not a "painter." :)
yes. Its definitely a new fave
chills watching past video of Whitney Houston performance on the Grammy's-what a voice- "crack is wack!!" what happened? RIP.
Why do you sing?
I love water!!!! Is that weird. It tastes so good
Funny how it's all guys in the Hallmark aisle at Walgreens right now.
happy New Year to you!
For some #relationship is a journey filled with strife, while others find nothing but joy. We're here so you can find whichever applies to u
I promise you, Chipper Jones wants no part of my spitter slurve.
Not a problem over here. RT : Loool, sorry, got excited over books. Well, excuse me. :D
RT Suspicion all our lives shall be stuck full of eyes
are you on the bus?
tell me about it! You need to use wig bobbypins. They are the long, thick ones at the drug store. Xoxo
Client: "yes, but I don't scroll on websites". Hmm, and how's that working for you?
Just went super sayin 3 in the bathroom
i feel like a three-legged squirrel trying to cross a freeway.
English dept. movie out for Hunger Games?!?!
Got accepted for YEK! :D
Getting into the holiday spirit here! Yummy new flavors coming soon-:)
I say we end the day with the latest
Liv Yoga in CC definitely takes the cake for hottest hot yoga I have ever been to in my life
discusses promises of moving the #infoneeds of communities forward
tornado damage in TX appears to be more hype than reality. they say things are bigger in TX but they are stretching the truth? am i wrong?
Run-D.M.C. makes pretty much everything better.
How you feel on the inside reflects how you look on the outside and vise versa.
Thanks and hugs from Texas
you're my first amendment hero of the day!
Can you please make the rain stop! We have racing to watch before the #Oscars! Come on!
Whether you agree with his personal life or not, I've always thought #Kobe gets it done. Appreciate that toughness.
do we have to memorize all of the formulas?
The challenge is learning to become aware of your gut instincts, and then to trust them. What are some gut decisions you've made?
you only have yourself to blame. See u soon.
Just watched Think Like A Man yesterday. Funniest movie I've seen in a while
It is a great day people....Do not let doubt stop you from living your dreams...Doubt you doubt and you won't doubt anymore!
That's kind of a good thing though because the whole city can rally around one team year-round.
It's a joy to watch you all guide the Muse so smoothly & stylishly.
Thank you! :)
"When you order imaging for a patient, you should be confirming a diagnosis, not trying to find one." - William Moreau DC
We're playing with Jukebox the Ghost on April 11 at The Social. Come out and support great people making great music. Hit us up for presales
Walker campaign says more than 33,000 jobs created since Walker took office, unemployment rate plummeted to its lowest since 2008...
you are fucking killing it
if morgan freeman goes to jail is he just morgan man
Thanks for the RT hope you and your #bride family and friends had a great celebration last night!
"Show me the money" ...60% of younger boomers now plan to postpone retirement and work beyond age 65. Up from 49% last year. Source: MetLife
Bye Everyone And once again thnx :)
Now where will I move the grill... Rain won't stop me!
RT : Ready for a zombie apocalypse? Subaru is teaming up with to bring you zombie infested obstacle courses.
No!! Mike just died!!!
I hope you're all going to HEMPFEST.
always but iv been there so thinking Aruba or St. Thomas
Minimalism FTW! RT : As part of my minimalistic lifestyle I'm getting rid of things I don't need #tv #dvdplayer #401k :P
The fact that #MuseumEd = Teaching Students but #ArchivesEd = Training Archivists is something that needs to change
"do you ever just watch porn and cry"
Man, what a start by Greinke. Sure would be nice to get him a win in this half inning.
is coming back to Oregon! Hell YES!
Ocean City here we come!!
I love the Elfin Forest hike...especially in Spring.
thanks so much Brad!
that's what I need... lol totally!
When research software goes to college... Freshman in my using course has been using (new to me) NoodleTools "since 5th grade" wow.
Africa Teacher Foundation Presents AFRICAN VIBES
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
okay..u coming tonight??...call me..
Heading to St. Anthony's LAST fish fry of this Lenten season... Come on out!
Hello Darlin, nice to see ya.
Mass amounts of website design and development going on in Columbus, Ohio. Just got a Wii for the office to have a little fun on breaks....
Download #Stronger or gift it! Keep it on top of !
Last day of r Black Friday Weekend SALE! Save 10% off everything in the house! 20% off Lamps and Soil! 15%off Grolab tents.
I grew up with this team.RT : thanks for answering my Twitter q's! Your passion for the Crew is apparent
Black is beautiful. White is beautiful. Asian is beautiful. Hispanic is beautiful. Fat is beautiful. Skinny is beautiful. You are beautiful.
The difference between a "reference" and an "advocate" is one is "reactive" while the other is "proactive" - HUGE difference
It is simply impossible, nothing is impossible
of course some of them will, if they didn't, they would have no chance on any NT, much less his...
I know I will LOVE it! fabulous recipes are the way to my heart!
sure thing ! And thanks (:
* My hour is almost come
TY so much, Adriana, for the RT of my blog on consequences of zero.
": "If a guy can't handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn't deserve you in a wedding dress." - Drake"
Pop-up up bake shop today. At Manhattan Theatre Source, 177 MacDougal St. from 4:30-9:30 with free brownie samples. Not joking.
Hey- Was thinking of you. Are you doing Make Music this year? I think we missed the deadline at ...
Craft brewery enthusiasts: If you could tour the craft breweries of any country besides the US, which country would you choose?
I took swing for several years, she was a ballet dancer, my parents did square dancing ;) I love the dance community!
#MaximumBeadle This show should be called MaximumColin!!!!!
In a small town, odd people are characters. In a big city, they are sinister and scary.
I need a #polaroid instant camera to borrow. Anyone I know, got any ideas? Need by the weekend. And film please?!
Give it up for the dogs. #HereWeGo = bud's best spot in
2 more hours to go
good how are you.. you have to come to the Hard Rock on July 8th for the concert!
I #Love #Quran and we #Read Quran #daily and #tell u Read to
Do we have practice today... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I like Pink, actually.
See you at the Washington Cincinnati game tomorrow
my last tweet was via the RSS feed for which is rapidly moving up my list of favorite morning reads.
Kate Freer is a fucking genius. Come see our installation on Saturday!
love you too girl! Pool day soon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
The primaries tonight show that the South is still the South, no surprise there at all
Ah, #Sunday. You always come to quickly and never stick around long enough.
its honest , theres not much to add
The "Nutter Butter Blizzard" is BACK !!!
"A friend is a gift you give yourself." - No, that's masturbation, bro.
Yes I Do ,I REALLY WANT To Follow Me . Haven't Youu Noticed How Much I Love Him ?
"If you can't spot the fish in the first 30 min at a card table, it's you." Matt Damon, Rounders.
sky zone: totally awesome. My body: still painfully sore 2 days later
I so want! Thank you for sharing that!!
RT : Relationships are defined by who we are when we aren't looking.
Hawk cares.
da jets suck how u get beat by da giants
Papersource is amazing. I can spend hours and hundreds in there. The one on armitage is the best one.
Are you smarter than ur #email prog? I sent a msg & mentioned an attachment but int didn't incld. Before sending, my prgram asked for it.
hey Alex got u beat been up since 5
I just saw lightning. Fudge.
I'm chunky as hell smh I got a beer gut -___-
Of course, the Suns have the warlocks! He may be available, but I would be pretty surprised if that happens.
“: Fuckin Dez Beats Up I Jus Bought From & Looking For More Producers To Spread Bread Wit #LetsLinkUp”
"You are part of the human heart"
Happy weekend!! So excited I get to work at Habberstad Mini today in Huntington!!! Thanks
Just can't help it.
Yeah...I really need to stop buying DVDs...
12 Angry Men in Black
Good morning, friends... here's to a great day for us all! Do you have a #healthy day planned? : )
John Boy came into my office, plugged in his phone and make a fuss about dry shampoo.
I bought some batteries, but they weren't included.
I want to dance.
lol well i can bring some hotdogs and noodles lol
Burning the palm of your dominsnt hand? Not. Awesome.
;; I'm being attacked by a maltese !
can i just say historiography is the necessary evil that I'm not too fond of?
I need ice
Ready for a crazy weekend!
Sounds fantastic!
Blood Drain Angel's Story get it #blooddrainbook #barnesandnoble #fiction #vampire retweet this plz
It was now or never, so I picked never.
It's not that my standards are impossible to reach.... It's just that guys aren't used to girls that have them..... Standards that is!
Watching The Proposal..... love this movie!
Weren't the recalls supposed to be referendum on Governor and his policies? If so, do the results show the people of WI #standwithWalker?
RT I like understanding that things are always evolving~Abraham
lmao at these children:)
Thanks, Mon! Getting real-world experience is like taking a laxative... you're much less likely to be full of sh*t.
-> ": First off fuck yo bitch & the click you claim!!!!"
I'm in D3
thank you #directtv, 2nite i have no tv. im missing and not happy. call me
You KNOW that is my title, creative abrasionist, and I have been refinign this for over a year now? Can we collaborate on this??
With all the fancy grocery stores using loopholes to sell beer now, it's more important than ever to support #local bottle shops.
Still planning blogging/tweeting of Inaug. Some details to work out still.
Thanks to for the invite, we will be at booth 4571 WIN A 10.1" ANDROID TABLET and FREE 3 months of Service.
MT Some DVA on #glee this week All my Alpha Chis (and everyone) should watch it
I thought Morrisey was depressing in the 90s. Then I saw him perform in 2011.
": Mad Miami lost -____-"they weak
ok thx anyway, can't have #Drupal without Drush then.
We'll just get him some of that Lester Hayes stickum. He'll be fine! 0_O
RT : If a prominent person in Cuba had praised America and had been suspended from his job, Americans would be outraged.
Illuminatedled windshields to fit '96 to present Harley Street Glides and Electra Glides with factory fairings www.darksideshields.com
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
My baby got the game ball for hitting a grounder to the outfield!
what tablet do you have?
folow back? :D
Congrats to Scott/Ross Center for the proclaimation from declaring Community Service Week Oct 17-21!
Feed the Birds from the Mary Poppins Soundtrack
<--------Still no one has correctly guessed who this guy is.
You should watch it too sometime, it's amazing!
Ew, Tomorrow is Monday
" It's what's underneath your skin, the beauty that shines with in. " <3
We all fall short of God's Glory!!! But we get up!!! No can point fingers!!! We fall down, get up and we ARE STILL WORTHY OF GOD'S GRACE!!!
is this who I think it's about??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
K, This quote has me stumped.
Rock on JB...
Thursday " Ladies Night " @ Mambocafe Dallas !! Daniel Boom dj in the Mix and XOdallas broadcasting live !! $1 Margaritas 'til 11 P.M.
rocking my slippers, don't even care my feet hurt
Holy God the creepiest old man ever just started hitting on me. I hate my job sometimes.
too many bad hair days back to back.
yeah your right ^^
I enjoy your tweets. Real and True.
I dont mean to brag, but I take huge pride in my lemonade vs tea ratio when it comes to creating an Arnold Palmer. The combo is crucial!!
I was LOL so hard as was talking with my sister in law at the time as my hubby tried to catch the bird with his hands, a mop, a broom :)))
When we got married I told my wife "If you leave me, I'm going with you. And she never did.
I don't know how passport stamps work but I think I am about to get one!! :-)
TONIGHT is our Opening Night and we are SOLD OUT... reserve your tickets for tomorrow night right now!!! Running Fri & Sat till Oct 22nd
Packers down... JETS to go!!!
"A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are."
Safely crossed the border back into the US! Awesome experience building a house in El Niño with 26 teens! :)
bout to call u boo
A Lewis, in talking about Internet privacy "If UR not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold"
Presenting a Intro to HTML5 at the Learning Media Stage at 4pm. Come learn about what you need to know and ask your Dev teams.
“All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
Note to self: Washington State is right over the river. Go more often :)
James encouraging risk and accepting failure to continue to drive creativity #ideaseconomy. Innovation = a maze.
His drunk ass momma tho :/ ugh
Haley Reinhart Is 'The Bomb,' Randy Jackson Says, Downplaying Feud
Aw, thanks and Thanks for your support getting us here.
happy birthday <U+2665>
We're a new restaurant dedicated to delicious food and sustainable living, 98% of our food is prepared in house so stop in
I dont know yet! A bottle of chardonnay I think. Its in the fridge and will be ready to go when I get home. YOU?
retweet if you want to take down a guy that is making fun of Demi Lovato his name on youtube is dan13718
That hand clap in Adele's Rumor Has It >
((((Holy Spirit Hugs to everyone)))) I <3 You!
Haven't twitted all day, I'm slacking
Happy birthday balony!! 21 is ur best years! enjoy it
:) RT : "I really like his books. He has self-defecating humor."
Pier 60 was great! And beautiful as always!
Good Morning!... Forget what's gone, appreciate what remains, and look forward to what's coming next! This WILL be a good week!
This week keeps getting better and better! #sarcasm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
A better question is how the hell they get anything done if everyone calls themselves "Roger" (cc: )
Round the rugged rock, the ragged rascal ran.
Yep. Tell Gaika I'm bringing my sub contra Eb double bass woofer trombone next time.
What about old movies disney films
what!? “: you will have to follow to find out Haha”
I dunno what this says about me but I was just overcome with guilt cause I remebered a customer asked for lemon for her water and I forgot..
God is good, he'll find a way to turn your troubles around
only have 9.5 right now on them kd galaxy
great you?
#ItsCuteWhen my boyfriend kisses me and doesn't want to stop!
a bit of both for me! :(
This tea is amazing.
I like the idea of getting the work done first thing in the morning, then doing other things. Might have to try that. Thanks!
Oh shit my bad lol RT : basketball wives duh
Sure wish I was in #Houston2012 right now watching this race. All of you twitterers are doing a great job, though, keeping me updated.
A: Pay attention to #trends, take something popular and apply it -
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld "White Chicks"
love YOU!
Still watching Friends.
it's a new day with no reason to hold onto pain from yesterday, be thankful for another chance to be a better person.
Today day is my birthday! We are celebrating all day long! Thank you all!
Good dialogue happening around improving the quality of public education. More parent involvement in kids school is a key finding
what's up?
Everyday try make someone smile. Start the day complimenting 3 strangers and 2 friends. It might help them make it through their day.
I dont want to get up for work
4,000th tweet coming up... Gotta think about a s/o
hahaha! You know I'll baby sit. (you might not get the kid back though) lol. Yeah is yellow and green.
Christian is my favorite.
Looking forward to being on The Sound of Ideas at 9 a.m. Wednesday on 90.3FM
Sorry to hear the news and wish all of you the best of luck!
Forgot the power cord for my laptop. May have a nervous breakdown in 3...2...1...
I wanna trust these females but the shit is scary *four20percenters
happy birthday to the funniest, sweetest drummer ever! i hope i get to meet you one day. i hope you have the best birthday ever!<3
Hannah Simone, Milan Bertone, or Gugu Mbatha-Raw...I would willingly and happily accept any of the three as my mate for life.
Thanks Clarissa! Follow this lady. She's going places!
Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best #customerservice out there.
who tryna match one
Hahahaha just lying in wait, ready to pounce
I cant even deal with tweets about Gaga dieing. I would fucking lose it. No joke.
The really cool thing is that it's an academic conference -- "Computers and Writing."
How vain wall street jerks capriciously ruin markets with juvenile amusements
Sophomore summer is gonna change alot.
i voting for u like crazy but please follow me:)?? PLEASE ILY<3
That animal never reached the food supply & BSE (its official name) is not transferred into a cows milk supply. #Don'tFreakOut
#KateWalbert should be required reading for anyone with daughters. #AShortHistoryofWomen made me think. #TheGardensofKyoto made me weep.
ha! Hopefully their kid turns out ok.
we belong together ;) <333333
now can u explain
Oh Annie I don't really need to answer that do i?
Nice to be finally working dual monitors.
Good thing I have amazing friends to cheer me up after a bad day.. Love you both and
i know i less than 3 weeks
got a show tonight in downtown :-) you should come out
Congrats to Brett Butler (Houston office) who sold a $900K medical facility located in Temple, TX!
You can learn so much by following the right hashtag. Interested in innovation and startups...try
Word! Lol I'm not mad he stated the obvious, but let's be serious...# sideeye
Perhaps, but my point was he must be in the lead or no attacks would be needed.
Paris, Italy or Amsterdam decisions decisions.
lol I'd take Chris Evans (captain America) any day of the week, but since I was never an avengers fan I haven't rushed I see it
I need a Project Manager with RDBMS for a contract in Deerfield IL.
omg. i'll do it. hope it all goes well.
OK.. I think I am making some progress.
We get a lot of chatter about our "glass walls" between the shower and bed. What do you think? Sexy or scary?
Ooh! Good luck. How exciting!
Dislike 's new ad campaign. They can't come up with something more engaging & creative than "press conferences with 'real' people"?!
definitely possible; especially w/ Xmas specials all in December.
my last first day of school ever. hello to the beginning of the end. i never thought you'd come so soon.
I was wondering to!
Damn it I don't want to have to convert to the #Starbucks religion and start drinking lattes religiously to stay up in class!
Had to #changemyFBname4college :-O
I'm tryin not to unfollow ppl but it ain't lookin too good
Straight home after work! No exceptions!
Getting my Watermelon Juice and Vodka fix.... Love this drink
grading 30 papers by 8am. ready, go!
im a good friend n I know it ;)
can't believe this August will be my last on Orientation Staff Definitely ready to rock
I just cancelled my TiVo service - it felt like breaking up with a long-time girlfriend or something!
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win 2 Adult Passes to !
Printer ink exploded on me today.....This is the first time I wish I had been working on web design instead of print.
would be into playing THE FEST if they'd have us again, and the timing all came together.
Wasn't sub-tweeting. Get over yourself. RT : Wow okay Jesse I guess we're subtweeting
Writin' with my director session - work out session - writing again session. avocados maybe. who knows anymore. my days are so wild.
You're awesome!
happy birthday!!
I'll need to borrow your positivity...I'm not sure I can!
I'll buy you a 6 pack if you beat me
Ah! metadata jokes...
I can't express my feelings or tell you how I feel, I can just show you.
glad you guys are doing it again. Will def hit you up later!
aww thank you! Lincoln and 10/11 viewers were great to me:)
In child development, it's so boring now....
thanks! Should find out this week if I get in!
Ha! Yes! That totally makes me want to like your page!
Moving is such a pain BUT we are excited with the new studio in #BerryHill and the new office on
Thanks mon frere—that means brother in French. I don't know how I know that, I took three years of spanish.
More sophisticated procurement teams know they need to look at expertise, cots and quality.
Finally getting out, What's SD got to offer?
love ya gf
I was expecting something a lot older than that. I'm not saying your old though. *open mouth insert foot* ;)
I'm not at home LOL. He says liberals are rude and mean to conservatives. BAHAHAHA!!!!
What a pointless speech......
Where are all my fans at?!
FINALLY, FINALLY get to see my scott family after over 9000 years:)
Damn lol, that's pretty deep in left. You can probably sneak down to 107 though. If I see you, Imma say whaddup.
Thanks so much for coming!
YES YOU DID. Stop lying!
Bruce Webber said part of the reason he went to KSU was because of tradition
Getting ready for a long week I had a great weekend wit my grown babies I be missing them when they gone
Buffet or ala cart?
this is true. win or go home now! You going to be there tomm?
": woo pocket qq and they held"<~ seems like QQ is a mid pair sometimes...
Whatta night. I love summer
it would also help if there were some tunes out there for consumption, but that's not your fault
today I conquered my fear info holding my breath for 30 seconds in 15 degree celsius water
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding" (UK/ Ireland edition) has got me seriously rethinking my previous idea of buying an RV and hitting the road.
thanks Josh!
but yo rattle snakes live in the desert -___-
super loud. It was awesome!
thank you is the greatest thing you can say to anyone, it is what we say to God...
Check...and...check!
Wow! It's been a crazy couple of days and another crazy day tomorrow. Fingers crossed for me tweetlings!?
You must know the rules to obey them....ignorance is no excuse for poor products
Doc Rivers on KG first 3 quarters: "Nothing was wrong with him. We didn't go to him."
I've been missing your food pictures!
Hey, I have to go, so I just wanted to tell you to have a great day :)
2:45 am and I'm still up and i have school at 9 ..
Exact half way point between Xmas and Valentines Day - heard that makes it National Hug Day. Give someone you love a nice big hug!
Last day off work. This has been long week
If it rains this weekend at Coachella, we have a solution: add Nine Inch Nails, Mastodon, Iggy Pop & some punk bands to the lineup. Done!
Holla at me.
": Ravens Fans living in enemy territory this week. Need some backup from the Or maybe just a RT! :)"stay strong bro!
follow me madison please
#GURT2011 panel Fri am: Performing politics: Media and the new face of politics
#LetsBeReal when girls get mad guys4txting females.99% of the time ur txting guys. So
Ever since the Cary News left Cary, they don't warrant a 2nd look from me. is a much better news source for our town.
OH NO !!! This man sound like cleaveland brown lol
Matt Hunter i love you <3
I know Robert... It hard to take in.
that was the best prom ever! Now when are you coming to visit?
What the say about me i dont really care i cant tell you how much i dont care
I'm back from New England. Keri Lynne Pratt's wedding was amazing! I love New England in the fall. But now I'm back to the Hollywood hustle
ARE U F@?& KIDDING ME
Thanks. :-) It was my first QAL AND my first sampler quilt. She has seen the top but thinks it's for someone else still.
You know the feeling when you really wanna say to someone.... And then the relief when you actually do it
But soft! What light through yonder wind breaks?
Guess who woke up wide awake after 2 hours of sleep?!?! Girl right there <---!!!
Sorry homie, memorial day can be my "eat whatever I want day" I go two weeks left.
Thank you for the opportunity and insightful comments! Wonderful experience!
If the GOP wins in 2012 ratings will soar at MSNBC as they did at FOX when Obama won. If GOP wins so does MSNBC/GE. You lose. Think about it
Even drivers need editors. RT My driver just handed me a card on the way from the airport: "All rate's are negotiateable."
Let's book some work today
Lucroy plunked by the #Cardinals McClellan.
Praying for you tonight I know God is for you! Excited for
love you! glad you had a swell time<U+2665> Merry Christmas!
Why is everyone sharing beastialty on facebook
That performance was fucking flawless, fall included. My, God.
honestly, I thought it was great. $5 for $10 with $3 going to charity? Good move, imo.
Oh my God I will got my wish, I found my camera. it got reinstall into my laptop again, Thank God. My B-Day will be perfect after all!
Flagrant foul? If chandler gets thrown out I'm not watching the playoffs anymore.
when madison comes to my house and makes me want to slit my wrists cause she's so ugly.
Well let me tell you this sister , I am , I am colder than a blister , c:
If today wasn't my Friday it's quite possible that I would go crazy.
that's so true lol
In case you missed it, not a banner night for Nunez. MT : Matusz had thrown six straight balls. Nunez pops up next pitch.
I'd give a good amount of money to have this girl's stomach.
please support breast cancer awareness by checking your self
Congratulations, you've ruined my birthday.
It's gonna be another BUGGY day! Festival doors open @ 930. Hall B 1427
I need some kind of drink to help me get over Catching Fire-i need to get Mockingjay to be at peace
damn it's still cold there? Thought i'd be warmer by now
This headset is freaking sweet.
Orthopedic doctor hello, my legs and ankles are severly messed up...welcome to my problem.
After long hiatus back on twitter, from #dbw12, content strategy ROI with Dan Blank. JTallent's workshop seemed too code heavy 4 me.
I keep hitting the escape key on my keyboard, yet I am still here.
I'll add it to the site ASAP.
bummed I will have to wear pants tomorrow.
poverty shouldnt be an excuse to deny children choices and a quaility education
Crossing off summer TODO lists. I've trained my eyes to scan for ink density, and ignore beyond a threshold
Going through #marchmaddness withdraws today!
I'm at Walmart, can't find #GOBLIN anywhere in the store. Hold up.found it.it was behind Will Smith's Willennium.
Just added! Thanks.
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope & nNngggGgg
“: I love watching Frank take care of his mother. actually shows Franks softer side. #Shameless” I love WH! Since 1992.
It's sad to see you happy with her :'( I wish you were mine </3
On my way to go get a wife.
You give me butterflies.
Summer class officially canceled. A little bit of music camp teaching, but looks to be a fallow summer income-wise.
okay good. I'm trying to do better.
Welcome to the club!
Mailing letters to my Grandbabies, with your Daddy's handsome image on the postage stamps! Blessings, Suzanne :)
You can't maximize the use of anything without proper instructions, why attempt to live this life without the word
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to remind customers about tire rotations. Ask us how-918-271-0062
RT : Tonight is the night! Taping ep3 w live audience at 8p, in CleHts. Get your FREE TKTS starting at 7p
Okay new question, why has everyone ELSE been to Disneyland at Halloween?
You guys want to go see Book of Mormon with us?
Sup baby!!!
Awesome. Couldn't tell what uni you attend, but do you know my bestie UT/Dallas?
Tutu still not at home. I pray that she not dead.
yeah and I just DM'd you my algebras :)
“: #100thingsilove being treated like the princess that i am <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>”
My New Clothes Came In Today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Long weekend...well needed rest.
Hugged a reporter yesterday. Still feel kinda dirty.
thx, pal. yeah, it was exhausting though as I left home at 3:30am went straight over & got out at 7pm
- how much you want for it? those are nice guitars
Def. Ekphrasis: a literary description of or commentary on a visual work of art
Os win, caps lose but all I cam think about is Seau. Life is awesome . Rip #55 you were a monster
Absolutely Debbie! Send us a DM with your contact info, and we'll be in touch.
peace, thanks for keeping me entertained for about 2 hours!
We'll be at this Tuesday.... Hope to see some of you there!
yes girl!!! Thank you!
Wait, so Santorum's sons also wear sweater vests?
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
Hey IT, the craft beers are resting comfortably in anticipation!
no problem:')
The most creative people are often the most crazy. I say be authentic and embrace your craziness.
How many of my Verizon tweeps are getting iPhones today??
Getting really close to announcing the details of our New Years Eve race!!! Who's excited for some MTB, and a brand new year?
We are so proud of the ladies from Hollins U for not giving up.
League of their own is on...it's gonna be a great day.
I do miss my house. Two celebrations of life this weekend too, one for a friend so pretty sad.
Oh, she's lying about the miscarriage. Big time.
Nothing that happens today can separate me from God's love and His purpose for my life.
Hey , coming to your party tonight (I'll be the "Blob" particle in Mezz. K-117). Break a leg!
so wats up
#WhenLifeGivesYouLemons eat 'em. Cause hey. Free lemons.
Bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch make me RICH!!!
what to do, what to do
Idk what it was about him but Southside in the GS Boyz was sexy AF!!
Michael, thanks for adding our story to your "Twitter Daily Journal" Have a great week!
Re #ff - 1. Should it always be 5 (or as many will fit in 140 chars)? 2. Can we drop #followfriday? Just takes up too much space.
Oh shit a fight might go down!!:)
Apparently, skydiving can be dangerous. Who knew?
I Learned To Play 'One Thing' On The Guitar! ! :D
Was told I look thinner today! #daymade ;P
We think we've seen each other in passing at a show. Possibly. But I hadn't met David either and you encouraged that one.
"We rock the boat, Poseidon" hahaha makin' a comeback
Team Canada with a nice 5-1 win over Belarus in the Worlds
I think one of the teams should recreate the super bowl shuffle!!
Ever wonder what all contains foam? Or how it's custom cut? Come on in and check out our facilities and ask us!
Awesome panel. RT: Kristiekp: 3A's of getting your story in the press: be articulate, be accessible &be accurate.
Introduction AD: "Brilliantly foolish enough to venture where only angels might tread."
Happy belated birthday to YOU!
Going to to my work Christmas party. White elephant gift exchange should be pretty fun :)
Just discovered TVP. This changes everything.
I want some breakfast!!!!
Your wife sounds awesome!
made this twitter on 6/6/11. almost a year... wow! :P
Anyone ever had problems putting together IKEA furniture? Like they cut the pieces wrong or something? This is supposed to be a science.
I remember my first beer
I'm so lucky I have such a nice life.
Hehe. Thanks! I'll have to make sure I don't look too costume-y.
RT You’ve got to be before you can do, and do before you can have. Zig Ziglar
thank you! :) gonna be giving away a free tee. stay tuned!
truth talk.
The communication process is complete once the receiver has understood the message of the sender
I wonder if Dante went to practicee wit Ashlee
we had the same policy at my high school for prom.
funny.... #becauseitstrue i miss you sister!
Good morning! Enjoy "loop 3" today... even MORE songs from the 80's and 90's era! :) nkairplayradio.com
thanks, Craig!
hahah ohmy. We need to leave in like 10 minutes.
Very proud of Alexis!
Yeah, that was pretty much my reaction.
Omg Over Here In Dallas,Texas Its 2:40 a.m!(:
“: Would love to hear your work!” Eliana Evang on YouTube
Even if Darren Sharper can't walk, he at least won't commit TWO PI calls in the endzone. S. Brown singlehandedly cost 2 games.
Making my list of New Year's Resolutions today....This is going to be interesting.... :)
Hello all my dear followers! I am sorry for not tweeting in a while. I'm waiting to go to class and I feel like shit...
I AM DEAD.
don't despair... We will be back tomorrow for your waffle needs! We will tweet and FB when we are open.
Hey LAY-dee!! The length of your skirt should not be inversely proportionate to your age.
Any #Pac12 team is OK with me--as long as their opponent is
I'm in! Thought I saw you already, but it was just some dude. Lol
Austin Powers watchin, neopoliton ice-cream eatin, and tyler posey on the brain. I can say my mind is stimulated.
yes he is hes speaking up about bullying and people tweet him to tell him that they showed people his song
it's cool I'll stay in the 90s
I Hate when people cut me off
Watching the movie Friends With Benefits..
good to see you! Why aren't we political consultants?
All this basketball is taking away time I should be playing Mass Effect 3. Oh well. I love #MarchMadness!
I mean, re: Gervais's new show, I almost cried. It's about a low aptitude man working in a nursing home. Including Karl Pilkington!
WOO were chillen in the summer no doubt :)
: 2 full app pages of stuff that i didnt like or want. grt screen n batt life, tho. o yea, get launcher pro. really slick.
Commit suicide before the real life begins. Die a day before you're born.
Have you read the book?
Dale Chu and Jon Gubera are now presenting Indiana's A-F Accountability Model to the Select Commission.
Loving agile.
Whoa. RIP Davy Jones. People said he monkeyed around, but he was too busy singin’ to put anybody down.
Same back to you!
Thanks for the shout out!
Life is what u make it!!!~
The Avengers has to be the movie of the year. Yup, I'm calling it that and it's just May. Action and awesomeness from beginning to end.
the food and shopping
I asked the webinar panel if a sports collection had ever been funded. The answer was no. , it's time to get started!
White, rather than black, is the Chinese color for mourning and funerals
Boom! Triple & Home Run so far for Tabata. Half way home!
Did you just watch Avengers Assemble? :]
i don't get it
Change for yourself, not for others.
Are you guys following this Delisle trial? It's a murder trial in French. My head may explode
no clue you were in toronto- how do you like it there?
Mayweater won...... Easy money
he must search his name for hate ...
GAME ON! Season opener for the Missouri Mavericks starts right now. Good luck boys!!!!! Who is ready for some #HOCKEY?!
Need more followers
I am not a fan of pulling content from a spreadsheet!
HES SO MUCH HOTTER IN PERSON OMG
wine in kegs?
RT All the Army SM programs are integrated in a coherence marketing message. People can find message where they are.
GoogleWiFi is a joke.
I was accepted into Handmade Arcade! My first time as a vendor. Save the date: Nov. 12th 11-7 at the Convention Center. Please come visit.
I went there today!
A person RT : Fucks a suzie? Anyway good win Philly
Text "Bb11" to 99000 to hear about everything #Blackboard at
Sounds like someone has a case of the MONDAYS! *giggle* *giggle* *giggle*RT : shrek asked me if it's "one of those days".
wait..where's the funny part that was talking about?!NATH!haha
Cover contest details have been posted. Who's gonna win?
most definitely!
Our Next SEO Seminar session is Feb 25th 10am-4pm at BlankSpaces, in Santa Monica CA . Save $50 by using discount code "Chad".
If you fuckin give my nigga some..
I wonderded if you were going to catch that :)
hey there.... how is ur favorite time of the week? (weekend) lol
yo, i need some followers.
if I learned anything from last night, it's that doesn't necessarily have moves like jagger... haha
you can't help everyone. let God...
Just handed the gavel to our new chair Tara Murray ! It's going to be a great year!
Um, let us think about it for a bit... hells yes! What time are you guys going?
That's what they all say. Lol.
Love makes your heart scream & your spirit dream. It's like being drunk on life & paying with a hangover.
what time?
I would have been a kick-ass trust fund kid.
dang wish I had some wake n bake right now never went to salem road fucked up
Just fed kobe some bananas :) he loves them !
we are living a tvless existence this week...I hope it's online soon
Want to lose weight? Drink 16oz of cold water before each meal. Then, eat only HALF of what’s on your plate.
I thought you were going out to the trails.
cant wait to see you <3 <3 <3 please follow me
They are repaving the sidewalks so all the pavement is wet- of course I didn't REALIZE that. And now I need new shoes.
How high was the bridge again?
people have the weirdest imagination. XD.
OOOOOHHHHHHH Masai Moon !!!! Edged ? Oh what a run
Looking for books to teach to Fifth Graders! Any suggestions...new or old would be helpful! What were your favs as a kid?
Some very talented women on stage right now!
goodnight love you Tyler
": I drink smart water. It has electrolytes. Im smart, huh.">>WasupWit u Girlie ?
If the Galaxy were playing an AVERAGE team -- not a good team, an AVERAGE team -- they would be down 4-0 right now. Unbelievable.
Congrats to Stacy Sanchez for winning the Justin Bieber Jr. Blogger Contest on RoseQuarterblog.com! Stay tune to see her review.
That scene played out between you today as adults is great stuff. In context of Greg's blog, I suspect crimes were committed.
I love the Back in Black segment on The Daily Show.
is annoying :P but makes me laugh ^_^ ayay
all work and no play makes rob a dull boy
RT : Wink at the next 5 people you see! Nothing changes the mood like a wink! Mix in a smile and things will go bananas!!
YouTube sucks. Everything I want to watch is not available on mobile. LAMEsauce.
our child dev. binders aren't due til Friday, right?
where to start?! "hey, Mickey!", anything by tears for fears or Duran Duran, "just can't enough" by depechemode...
It's amazing how having a election opponent can cause a legislator to "have a change of heart" on a issue isn't it?
The beauties of the world are best seen by those who strive to reach them. ~Anonymous
You're welcome! (:
could take all 6 minutes before submitting 1st pick, correct? Not that it matters.
I'm not sure yet but once I find out ill let you know
We spend the first months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk, the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up
Mad Men spoilers enrage me. But saying What??/Oh. I think is fair.
So delicious that cranking out final papers is no problem! RT : Enjoy!
you can find great lakes there. Plenty Michigan choices (see Gillard, scottie). Obviously goose island
#Aging is a Treatable Disease and #Immortal Again Secrets of the Ancients. Finding The Truth
I know! That's why I was so surprised. I was getting so much done.
"Of all there is to know, the most important thing, is to know that we know nothing at all!"— DJohnson T&B ComingSoon!
Up for JBF award for best chef Pacific: Michael Cimarusti, Providence; David Feau, the Royce, David LeFevre, MB Post; John Sedlar, Rivera; +
Sure thing. Thanks for reading!
Yes, Annie...I'm tweeting from jail haha
my friend said u are very attractive! Lol (:
Omg, a lot of celebs follow you ! (:
Do you guys want another sneak peak of the new WebCamWindow?
Actually had CVS check my ID because they made a mistake. Their error brings my identity into question.
growing up i lived at the bottom of a cul de sac! had to train myself to power up that hill on my bike - actually got good at it.
#RedSox missed opportunity to move up in standings. Not acceptable to lose 2 out of 3 to lowly A's. Must do better against Orioles!
God has already made the way for you!!
We will make sure to pass that message along. Very sorry for the inconvience.
never got your email!
Sale still going on today 50% off everything!! Open till' 5. Come stop by!!
Perpetually too hungry to have the energy to get up and forage for food.
I won't be at the pub tonight, but the Spanish speaking channels are like 270-274 on our satellite. Tell Kenny to put it on for u
yup. Everyone's got a persona to keep up on here haha.. Rizzo is mad defending his guy and schilling is trying to stay relevant
#roadron #sportingkc Shutting up about Bobby Convey's hair now. He was in perfect position, Roger's feed was perfect, the flip in perfect.
Storyteller Jill Scott. YES.
I can only imagine what mischief occurs at the Megadeth, Testament, Slayer show.
I wanna hear "what you need" by Kanye @ Jay-Z ! That my shit .
Hey Hydeia ! So great to see you on twitter. We hope ALL is well with you, & perhaps link up again sometime in the future
yes it is. Society is the ugly one
excited 2 be here at 119 Utah st. One of the big event 4 startups in San Francisco. Thanks Guys:)
Enjoying a 2008 Ghost Pines Cabernet Sauvignon, very nice for only $14
Thanks Ms. Wirth! :P
Had my first 'leggings worn as pants' related injury this morning. Must look where I am running.
Check out "42 by NIght"
I guess Jesus sat out the 1st half. Hopefully he has a miracle up his sleeve for the second.
I miss your face! Let's get drinks son. And maybe invite that bloke? All in favor ?
the bears and bucs - really? you giving the tickets away?
The librarian at the Masonic Temple in Philadelphia has a Nancy Pearl action figure!
So tired of school.... And I start college next year... Great... More school...
I hate Chick friends
Just wondering why Tennessee picked up Moss if they are not going to even attempt to get him involved.
thanks! So much better than LAX!
lol very sad but true. hey...i'll take it!
Nothing like football and party platters to bring friends together. :)
#IWishPeopleWouldJust remain in refined light while I'm trying to take their bloody picture.
So happy to be done with work for today. I worked hard at a fast pace, and got the scratches and bruises to prove it.
I agree with , Basketball Wives is garbage and is a embarrassment to Black Women. I will never watch it again
First person to tell us what Cortez Kennedy did on August 26, 1995 wins a grab bag T-shirt!
or, you have a new generation of leaders that expect transparency fill the vacated top spots. :)
What would you do if you seen someone getting bullied?
He is the sweetest guy ever
I cant wait to move out to paint my room purple
really windy in Vegas today too. Not impressed. :-/
We at TCS have decided to branch out from just celebrity sighings, into the realm of pop and sports culture ...
Here-here. If I see a line, I keep moving. #Belly is allergic to velvet ropes. RT Yeah if there is a LINE I pass
Your face gets so pale behind all of those masks.
Still wrapping my head around Weedon drafting by #Browns. But I still try to wrap my head around why Alien Resurrection was ever made, too.
When a man can make homemade chicken strips taste like heaven,u betta hold on to him!#theway2awomansheart. Um just sayin
How about my beloved Baltimore Orioles? Thanks!
yeah(: can I add you on bbm?
that one annoying person who tweets every 5 seconds and fills your wall.
Tired of waiting.
Three days until pitchers and catchers report! <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
'Your playing small does not serve the world.... Who are you not to be great!?' - Nelson Mandela
thx! She's heading to NYU London in the fall :0)
ill be your study buddy anytime :)
and We dislike chicks with dusty dreads.....LOL!?
aww how nice of u
• To me it's about ESPN hiring someone they didn't know, see, or properly research. Also 'she' might not exist as such.
Wow... I had a lot of bands following me today. Please be patient... I am listening :)
Have a safe flight!
Last week to enter video contest on diversity! You have until Jan 21st to make a video w/words I AM THIS LAND to win at www.iamthisland.org
#kidscasting just 35 minutes left to ask kids casting agents how to get kids into tv and film
have you tried the "don't blame the messenger" gambit? You can also remind them tomorrow's Friday too. Sleds on Saturday!
haha I'm sure that agency will be 'restructuring' soon
I grabbed a Cajun bowl from up the street but am enjoying the Cafe's patio.
WEDS QUOTE: “When you walk a life of honesty, you live a life of truth.” - Therese Benedict /
Even in the midst of supposedly lean days, the Windies can round up an opening bowling attack of Roach/Edwards.
lazy day sounds nice
say somethin' baby don't be so shy. ((;
I'll have you know, I am quite popular in certain, small, sad circles.
She don't understand how beautiful she is but she do got some flaw tho
Haha(: uhm i have to keep both hands on the wheel(: lol andd no i drive again Friday.
My teacher just left in an ambulance...
Like I wouldn't even want D rose on my team..
Its a solid white line for a reason dickbags.
we also inevitably become them
pretty sure you have an invitation somewhere in your inbox ;) if not, DM us ;) ^
Thank you so much for your support! Appreciate that muchly! :)
and Axure 6.5 upgrade is FREE for all current licenses! awesome possum
RT : Q3: Don't put anything really important as an image. I send HTML, but I make sure the key info is in text.
pimping us out and jumping the gun. I see your mo.
I HATE WHEN A NIGGA UMBRELLA FLIP IN DA FUCKIN RAIN SON!....SMH BE MAKIN A NIGGA LOOK RETARDED
JUST BOUT TO CHILL N WATCH DA REST OF DIS GAME
Zipping up the man suit to tackle the double loop double peak ride.
I always have fun at the Hunter house :)
what a beautiful day, finally !! I feel like this week has flown bye as my last post was 3 days ago. I hope all of you are well.
Bibs is right. The best thing for the #pens was 3 days between games 3 and 4.
When does the X-Factor start? I want to see (:
RT : This weekend's landmark #afam12nu conf. provides a great opportunity to launch our Twitter presence. We invite you to follow us.
Full report on Clark county fire and what we know coming up in one hour, on KATU midday news
I will call you. Thx. Let's do lunch Monday. ??
#RyanKennedy is a real life hero
Be clear on social media if you're getting into advocacy
Do your stats say anything good about Bosh? Is there be a worse fit for what the Heat need? Big 2.5 seems complimentary...
Last night after rehearsal it was so nice to see the #dtla streets packed with so many art lovers for #artwalk. Were any of you there?
and im working RT Rose bowl special $20 unlim taps and halftime buffet, see you soon
didn't think the sound system could get worse but it just did. Section 336, you couldn't hear anything.
Most of us just friendly orbiters “:column on #nvgop nuttiness, but first had to block some followers from the Planet Paul.
Same though has been uttered more than once around my teevee. RT Still wish it had been the Ravens.
hey Beauty
I'm fucking dead at
My dannon stride is immune to negativity
Let's see if it's true. MT Did you tell them that I give out a free beer for each MT?
Can we ban all kids within 50 yard radius of my table at non-kid restaurants?
me too. random people keep calling me on oovoo right now ahah
Who would you rather scissor? or ??
that isn't reviewable? It was clearly still out of bounds
: Game opponents will need to find a new angle to restrict content and hope another SCOTUS case overturns the ruling.
lol we will kick dont trip
Late night edits. Determined to finish this draft.
I think that number is only so high because of me. Well, off to add to it some more...
The police call it crack I call it Diet Coke
cant help but luv u
you can only do it if you have less than 100 ppl who 'like' your page...
Coming out on the other side of detoxing...feeling good!
Wow! The Bavaria had a great spec for the price. Silky smooth 2800 inline 6. Replaced the more expensive 2500
Were you able to confirm that Austin date?
All of them simultaneously!
link for live blog?
yeah, even Im here, expected a few more on a wed in NY.
hey George, do u print tshirts?
Pres Obama saved US auto industry because he knew it supports 1000s of other small businesses. Mitt said let Detroit go bankrupt.
really? I thought you woulda won this time for sure. I don't know but keep trying!
Ooofff I need a delay between likes :)
Since the Goodie Mob days, You inspire me. Always have.
I'm glad you feel the same.
It's raining cats (and cat people!)..now just need it to rain a few men! Thanks to EVERYONE for getting IHC to 20k+ FB fans!!!
Haha its my #1! Not cause its some great cinema, but cause it makes me happy everytime RT : backwards man
I spent the afternoon at Chuck E. Cheese without even once screaming. I believe that leaves me just one miracle away from sainthood.
poor kid must go through a lot of pants.
Thanks for supporting ! We couldn't do it with the fans.
I hate the fact that you feeling I want you to feel better
Almost there!!!!!!
so...what were you reading?
For one day let everyone say exactly what they want to say
Relaxing watching idol on dvr with life is good work at 6
Down the rabbit hole.
Went on a following streak(: lmfao(: #life'sgood
I have to head to Erics. What you doing Saturday Night? After 5?
no freaking way. that's AWESOME!!!
Sure thing!!
said it was hard not to sound pretentious leaving work saying, "My partner's at home cooking with Cathal Armstrong."
We will see what we can get together.
if this girl dnt come in the house..we gon lock her out!!!
- the "lovestache" looks great!
T-Swizzle doin work on that banjo.
I like my relatively calm gmail inbox too much to forward all the useless e-mails my Yahoo account gets to it, haha
cool - whatcha watching?
Lake Calhoun all summer...? I think so! :)
been drinkin a little bit
Turn up the music cause this song just came on <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I knew I ran into Patrick Kane AGAIN this year at Mifflin. Too bad I don't care that much.
hey, and yeah. going out of town. c:
Innovation drives brilliance.
You have the Power to Make Your Dreams a Reality! Don't wait to start working toward them! Start Today! Make it an Outstanding Day!
yeah i know. im helping him sell it. its sprint. i have tmobile
Really enjoyed being told to check out Kaki King. Awesome female acoustic musician.
theyre just tight cause they fucken got shutout!!!
‘Valuing a business is part art and part science.’ ~Warren Buffett
thanks matt! glad it fit! :>)
What are your top two best practices for #smallbiz strategy?
I don't know if I can either! Regardless, you'll be missed :(
Let's save some characters. #dayoffosterly now
you ain't real
THANK YOU and for an amazing training this weekend!
So my friend Tori just told me I was the best friend a girl could ever have. I love that chick!
Devin Hester is without a doubt the most feared player in the NFL!!!
is such a sweetie pie. He made my nieces day @ FSO. Gr8 meeting you.
Iron Man is a tool, Thor is useless and the rest are kind of boring. Captain America is ok, that's about it.
attackers moving in on pinterest. Rpt coming soon RT Just got a twitter spam directing me to a Pinterest site.
Hey Linda. Can you tell me about your Spain sale? My clients are ripping on me. Your help is so very appreciated.
Time for DVR delayed idol.
You go Jan Parr!
ohh sidewalk and iPhone, the original Romeo and Juliette.... I assume the masons will be out to repair the sidewalk soon?
thank U 4 obeyin God & seein what God put n 4 us & helpin 2 pull it out! U BOTH R PHENOMENAL & PRICELESS 2 ME!
Really? Most people just have turkey... RT oregon for thanksgiving? i really hope so!
we will see you at the track!
it is a good site.
I would like the secret formula as well. Thank you. Have a nice day.
We would like to THANKS Jerry Stevenson for being our 155th friend! Keep spreading the word of our fan page friends!!
Honey 2 will never ever ever be As great as the first honey, I really wonder why they tried to make honey 2 it's straight up WHACK!
We did this weeks ago! But it wouldn't work when we made weird faces
Have a picture of you or a friend wearing a BarCamp Rochester t-shirt out and about? Tweet it at us! We're looking to make a collection!
woah!!! Sneak picture attack!!! I'll miss you greatly, Vanessa. I really will.
Take your weakness and turn it into a strength. Pee Wee Herman "everybody's got a big BUT." Love it!
Question from Michael Allen: What ever happened to WYSIWYG ?
I would say yes, as it shows a kind of approval of them. But I'm not one to speak for my wifey.
yes! In 2 hours I'll be on a plane on my way to Gatwick Airport in London!! :D
I cant wait to start Crossfit back this summer! I have really missed it!
Tuned to architecture talk by
Literary crush: "Japanese by Spring", by Ishmael Reed
just relaxin at home how u doin by da way
LMAO! RT : "Uh We have a partially nude male with a propane tank" #LexingtonPoliceScanner"
trey songz - heart attack , diggy simmons - copy&paste frank ocean-novacane, nicki minaj - right by my side, logic-numbers
Phone sex is so fucking boring!!!!!!!
Just when I think I have it all dialed in, the universe throws a hard curve & jacks my whole program up. Need some good Juju right bout now!
for more info on QLCs u should check out the blog section @ stratejoy.com & good job tackling your own crisis!
Thanks for the follow Michelle!
Done!!!! We will buy u a cold one! Btw this is hollerin! Da drummer got love 4 ya!
3 more weeks and I'm out of this shitty place.
May you enjoy the ‘spirit’ of this ‘sweet’ day! Happy Halloween!
You are excommunicated!
Thank you very much !!!
Ohh and our gym class ( :
Guess what's happening tomorrow at 7:30pm HERE at Christ For The Nations?!
Talk doesn't cook rice. -Chinese Proverb
Wonder how its going to unfold once I see you again
So.... gotta do this weekend hw..... My school didn't have school Friday and we don't have it today. ! ( :
Wat station maybe i can listen
And you can watch the shoot live through our voyeur cam on June 16th, so excited!
I got the free book...read the first bit of it...and went on and bought the other two ebooks...looking forward to finishing
Congratulations to all the ASU graduates for this semester!
literally cannot bring myself to study for this italian exam tomorrow.
there is always more time for burgers!
Lottery fever is sweeping what is normally a staid and rational office at the press...
wait wat happen wat i do
I've bee pn collecting since I was 6 yrs old, so 23 years now!
thank you I'm appreciative
im jealous!
Looks like the boys are still tired from game 3
One of those poems has just been accepted somewhere! I'm thrilled :) Several others are also out as subs.
It's not good to have to measure the work you bring home by mass.
that sucks:/
The display contrast of iPhone 4 display is 800:1
You know why i have #trustissues but yet and still you do the shit that makes me paranoid
Thanks for the follow
Why you're mad, I have no clue.
check out this photo of by
Omfg I love you so fucking much!!!! I'm determined to get a reply from you on here!!!! <U+E022>
#BestBoyBand to me is
#thatawkwardmoment when you don't feel safe leaving your car anywhere but home because you know people are out to get you.. lmfao
way to be; see yo there
really proves their knowledge on being an adubber.
sends congrats to ! SF will shine with you as CIO.
Cosplay contest at our store this Saturday! We're giving away prizes like comics and stuff. Kids and adults judged separately! Come on in!
This RT : When everyone is unemployed with radiation poisoning and no health care, America will have reached its promise.
looking for a European women's history textbook that covers Middle Ages to the present. Suggestions?
and with and Dr. Jill Biden
Playing cod.
I'll kick their ass
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Fri, May 18 4:30p: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
Girl calls from jail. I ask what was she arrested for? Answer "I think an undercover Cop grabbed my Boob". Again why? He wouldnt let go.
The new chariot album iiisss pretty much the shit.
My books are here! You can order at jennifershaw(dot)com. I'm so excited!!
I flippin love you to!!!!! Can we Skype???? I need to get you your stuff!!! Xo
JOBS Act to Spur More Tech M&A - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
haha i can't deal with horror movies either!
Even though the stream is down, don't worry, we can still get it up. It just takes a little bit of coaxing.
I knew she would be. Did you ever see her in The Producers? She was great. You should check it out if you haven't already!
About to present with on developmental ed reform at
yeah, a lot of Bostonians are turning on him. It's just a matter of time.
I want to alter photos and would like to find easy instructions.
I love Mondays so much!!!! - said by no one ever
Im sorry that I did lol
thank you for inviting us to be part of the jobs fair - great turn out, let's hope we can help them all.
Your right its our job to reveal all facts and see whose really telling the truth
concurred. it can be very discouraging at times & i hate to portray the negative aspects i've experienced to date : /
I only watched it like three times. Then proceeded to get caught in a 2pac loop on YouTube.
You know, i sat there switching it between I and E and couldnt figure it out lol <-Kelsey xoxo>
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
feel better after be sick for 4 days
One days ovr a thousand footsteps wen u walkn in these jays committed to walk this dream
From Beer Week into 2nd Saturday then St. Patty's Day. What a busy 3 weeks. Good thing I love what I do... and drink.
Everyone complaining that they have work. I'm complaining how I don't got a job .
at this time of night? surely not!!!
Hi Babe! hope you're having a good day! guess I should refer to you as a "lil mom" with the kids you have.
Travelled 2 hours for a meeting - now waiting for everyone else to show up. Happy Monday!!
The day always feels longer when I actually show up to work on time. I will have to keep doing that to a minimum, I think.
It seems like there's not a straightforward way to trigger custom event in Ember JS (Sproutcore)
#ForeverFly RT : S/O to for the shirts footworkingz rocked on windy city live today!!!
love it here! Everyone is so friendly and it's so green!
Does anyone know an LA-based copywriter that is in marketing, but is not an idiot?
Hahaha me to!
We are looking forward to seeing your room! We love working with you!
I just wanna be successful
My heart stopped beating at the end of the game. 3 more to go :)
nice looking start up. Look forward to seeing what you guys accomplish in the near future.
Was very proud of and
thanks again, this latest issue is great and is proud to be included!
Basketball practice tomorrow 3-5. Thanks coach for taking the best part of my day away from me.
RT : Super great to hear that downloading books at is a smooth process for you, Hooray!...
Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves. Mahatma Gandhi
Hanger 24 is my second.
wats up jo how u been?
oh no!
oh no you should of had a cellhelmet!
we got super shy !!! Sorry ! Lol
Swag Swag on hunters
hell yeah!!
So it's official -- Pandawinks Diaper Cakery is now an official business -- taxes to pay and all!
Sweet Tweets on the Re-tweet tip... totally social. Sweet tweets comin atchu soon as I get back, givin u a chance to get ur Sweet Tweet on!
Nice RT Keeping Austin Weird....meditation flash mob on the lawn of my office...on cars too! Namaste. yfrog.com/gyz79lxj
Follow back i am Still waiting for sometime
I'm hungry
What does the son of a movie mogul put on his walls? Pictures of political moguls and British royalty, that's who.
#Bad girls club shaken
"You don't need more time, you just need to decide" - Seth Godin
Just tried to visit AP twice via Twitter links. Before the site could load, I was redirected to MySpace.
yes with your mouth closed AT THE SAME DAM TIME
whatever label you slap on, its working for you. Hope you are well.
I CANT STOP GRINDIN ND I DNT WANT HELP!!
Sorry about that! How about right AND free next time? Send me a DM?
Skype call with ! Always makes me laugh with his stories and singing.
God I love to see the Patriots lose, but I hate to see the Ravens win.....
We are crazy for YOU! Come back soon :)
I'm very happy only 10 more followers until I reach 100 <U+E057><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E00E><U+E420>
RIP BIGGIE SMALLS
"the allure of the automobile" exhibit of rare and award winning cars are coming to the museum this summer.
Private Practice, Grey's and now Scandal. Good stuff!!
Ever wonder what happened to No Child Left Behind? Join our chat with about #edwaivers on Wed 11/16 from 11:30-12:30 EST.
COOL! your number still the same?
Karmaloop & BBC party!
My nap isn't going well with the pusy cats plus I need to make sure I hear the knock from tv repair man. I needs butler
Just sang...horribly I might add. At least I get to play Apples to Apples with a load of people. Kind of feels like a drug ring.
#HappyBirthdayRebecca You are the best daughter any mother could ever ask for! I LOVE YOU!
lets not forget the sorest loser Jeff! DANI & KALIA just voted for their teammate!
We have over 5,000. Tons of tackiness! RT searching for the best, most dope tacky christmas sweater.
Meant to say last Sunday that did a great job at the Rumble . All those 3 amigos ! Great props to your Uncle Eddie !
Lol 25/50 broke (was created in case he jumped in, but he played 10/20 feeder anyway) game breaks but few regs still seated, Macaucomes over
NO I'll give u something better.
Trader Joe's cookie butter and ice cream.
Epic always works in that way. No doubt excellent planning was executed!
#jmpeasteregghunt RT Tomorrow at 12 Noon! 401 Curry Hollow Road, Pleasant Hills, PA 15236! All ages Welcome!
RT : Indianapolis, we are so sorry that you are suffering right now. We are sending all our love and good wishes. Be there soon......
Evaluate your desired customer base, target area, and current content to determine the words/phrase that best fit your company
Here! At the bar.
I need to quit buyin shit hell cable dun went up smh
Great Op-Ed from on 's new book
nah chill out with that
Rex Grossman predicts Skins will win NFC East! Same day NFL announces day of game drug testing
The Memphis Dawls EP is ON SALE on iTunes! Grab it today! Best songs of the summer so far!
#Svu opening is already real
Busy week but lots of accomplishment!
who am I to question why you took the path you took? And who the fuck am I to open this closed?
My accountant is a goddess
about what you're saying about a name by the number haa
: aw. Thank ya muchly! :)
A mind is a terrible thing to waste- MLK
cannot wait T!!!!
needs me to help her with homework, and it's a word search... HOW THA FUK YOU EXPECT ME TO HELP WITH A WORD SEARCH OVER PHONE???
awesome! Opportunities this summer to use 's kickin' practice to inspire teen engagement. Can we promote U?
you made a rebel of a careless man's careful daughter <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
your dog just ran up the stairs& jumped on me.
Sad my brother wont be here for my prom :( missing it by only a couple days too. If only he could take sick days from the army to come home
If I was the space shuttle, I would be wondering where all this attention was when it was time to renew the program.
So Rupert Murdoch is still suffering some longterm pain from his tabloids. Does he need more strategic surgery at News International?
my man!
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
When A.I. got on the ground and kissed center court >>>>>
The most reliable way to be inspired is to be inspiring. Feel the simple, yet profound joy of being, and let your positive spirit shine a l…
Let your qualities shine
Phoenix MDA has finally figured out this TweetDeck thing and will be posting regularly soon! Thanks for your support.
Another dog on the bus. Can i bring GK on here?
My mom and I are at the Antiques Roadshow in Atl!! How awesome are we!?
There gets to be a point in life when not learning isnt fun anymore
#LACMA is free today!
"Break That Single!" supports indie music artist. Get at us at 702-521-9715 We love to promote your hot single!
My dad catered that movie.
Thanks a lot, Texas, for screwing up all the flights. I blame Rick Perry.
RT : Don't miss the Brisk Bodega 3/12 from 5:30 to 12am at Molotov. Cool Star Wars art and musical performance by Just Blaze!
THE VIDEO WILL BE UP VERY SON!(:
Kicking off #PCUS day 2 at Looking forward to a wide range of #4profit discussions inc. mobile, retention, & student success!
Netflix streaming
Nanners is asleep on my arm, :/ fat ass!! I can't move
MENTION ME IF YOUR TEAM ARISON!!! ;) so I know you would approve of me and madison dating, ya know if it ever happens #neversaynever lol
SO YOU ANSWER ME ON TWITTER BUT NOT MY TEXT
I can dig dat to bad the pack ain't in it. still gone be a good game I'm sure the Giants getting ready to crush the patriots.
Yo when I mention y'all to people, no one ever wants to talk about you, yea they must know what's it is! Haha
do wut u gotta do
r cantayllama we will be glad to distribute the cards. please email us
we are getting married..
personal finance blog
opening night of All Through the Night at the 63rd street Y theater
LA Business Journal won the Gold Medal for Best in Show Large Tabloid at AABP Awards over the weekend. Two years in a row!
OK, THAT was weird... just had a conversation w male co-worker who took womens side & I took mens...
I'm all alone in this big ole world.
The only thing uglier than that Philly-Boston series is Mike Brown's suit.
That's plenty about #tarantulas. Hope you enjoyed alt-pet talk. Even if you don't care for spiders, learning helps us understand & fear less
Congrats! Ah yes, I remember breaking my first bed. Seems like yesterday. :)
Writing, writing, wedding stuff, working, sleep, work, writing, work.
Thank you for following
I bet didn't even ask her mom.
I am your leader, yes i am your leader. You not a believer, suck a big di— lolwaitwhat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Bar after work: happening. Possibly alone.
you're welcome! HNY!
Friday!!! It's Friday!! What are your plans??
Love the service but when will I have it on my iPhone?
so so true;)
pretty, pretty, pretty good.
I'm bout to text all the girls that I think are pregnant right now and dont know it!! "Happy Mothers Day"
Omg its 4/20 lol what u all doing
Come on food lovers! MT : We're neck&neck! RT : has > 100K Twitter followers - < 1k short of
It's Sunday! Time to get religious....uh, no....every day is God's day, I give thanks to Him for every second of my life, amen.
Optimism can't -- and shouldn't -- be dictated by the economy or other exterior factors.
New IBM BPM Software Integrates Social, Cloud and Mobile
5. my iPhone.
Tim Tebow should stay on the Denver bench and study under Peyton. An Aaron Rogers approach if you will.
#STAR #astrology Mercury aligned with sect in favor when rises before Sun in day chart, rises after Sun in night chart.
I am a strange one in that I wash my hands, and then go to the bathroom..? then wash my hands again
Had a dream I was dressed in a gold and feathered costume and head dress. I sat upon the steps of a crack bar, while drinking a brew.
Darn, how did I miss seeing you? :( Hope you had a fun #bashh!
Unicorns are cooler than English class
RT : RT : I'm the daughter of an immigrant. I can't ignore immigrant rights.
No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong.
Q+A for Bogost raises idea of philosophical concepts as "play objects."
It is time for L&D to be business consultants. Let your expertise go! Its about asking questions.
office pool for the #lottery. i put in 2%, lol
I only just now, finally, added the twitter app.
I Live In Colorado Too :D
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
We Scream .! We Shout .! We Are The Fallen Angels .! <3
Happy to hear u talking abt #designentrepreneurship last night! Congrats on your very impressive project!
Wade county 305
Kudos to , , & for a great #prssa #chilichallenge cook off event!
Tonight is the NIGHT! Hope to see everyone at Scout Bar partying with us!!!
#questionformycrush: why are you with her? What does she have that I don't?
Saying "or not" when someone doesn't do something you asked them to do.
Live at TD Garden.
what's up Coral? I email u my mp3s yesterday thank u for supporting Artist. Peace.
i can take a hint
Who said beautiful woman be the worst is a dayyumm lie ! Ugly bitches can be just as evil or worst . They got some fucking nerve -_-:
Some veggie patties have lots and lots of wheat and brown rice
needa take my ass to sleep.
I nurse, and could totally see it being hard to be prego and continue doing so. Go easy on yourself. It's alot take on.
We need sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Watching classics on Nice hair
one of my favorite quotes - its my email tag.
RT : Retweet if you want me to follow you back! :)
Heck a saturday weekend wise. Made a little trip to Fort Ben and then Triton. Maybe a bonfire tonight. Horrible city living.
hopefully you'll have an off day when we play Herr again!
Absolutely. I arrive on Tuesday evening but I hope to see you in Phoenix.
You're so lucky! Jealous :)
Bravo! RT : It really does take more energy to be mean and nasty than to just be nice.
RT : We've done ourselves a disservice by focusing so much on our ability 2 verbally, & not visually, articulate ideas.
They are lucky to have you dane
Princess & Pea at SRCT opens Sat., Midsummer w/ Baron's Men opens Sept. 24th, & playing Mary Warren in Crucible @ City Theatre in October :)
Pray for me !
Next week! Bittersweet!
I want to see in Minneapolis on 5/20!
Homeless man found stabbed to death in Anaheim,possible suspect detained- Police investigating if it's the serial killer of the homeless
Mind blowing never felt so good
#FF The cast of #BabyDaddy: (because they're the coolest!)
Nope. Same reason. I suppose you're an author like myself
Puppy just bit one of the girls
right on my bro... we gotta paint some time ..stay fresh g
Happy birthday, Jesus Christ, my lord and saviour! I am so thankful for this day. May His love and peace be upon all of you. <U+2665>
Wuddup Mr for certain
Not that your best player has to lead you in scoring... And, 80s Pistons/Lakers were a while ago.
the ref made a technically correct call, just a bummer it came down to that. Great game overall though
(c) who u like, what you're listening to or what your wearing shrug it off an tell them they should try being themselves instead of a copy.
Are you orange? Get ready for Joel Bishop!
no problem, anytime. goodluck
I'm in Dauphin County, PA, hanging out with library lovers. Cuz they're the best
For the ancient Greeks, Medea figures the principle of the enigmatic inhuman within the human.
Are there any restrictions on cameras for the matches?
gonna try out for a movie peeps!!! yeah man yeah!!!
Once again late cuz of construction maybe i should leave an hour early to get to the school
asked where i got my hair cut, then tells me he got his cut on top of his head.
U didnt have 2 tweet it, u jerk, lol
<U+200E><U+200B>Divine's Roller Promo-Recommend f/ acne scar/stretchmark.Skin Matrix Roller Package only 1.700 K IDR incl 5x Roller+acne/firming serum.
When nothing's sure, anything is possible~Margaret Drabble. Dwell in possibility!
officers of fatally beating black insurance executive Arthur McDuffie.
RT : Okay seriously, what does everyone want from Santa this year?
When one of your loved ones gets shot in the face, tell me just how great War is for the economy.
When people get on the subject of my ex:(
I gotta admit, I'm enjoying all the Billy Joel they're playing at Starbucks today.
Human Statue tonight at Pier 60, then leaving for Tallahassee to play with some fire for a movie.
My tweets aren't sending wtffffff
yes. I felt sorry 4 the driver
if you don't I will
Believe it or not, 's makes GREAT choc chip cookies! And 3/$1 is a nice little snack & price :+D
We're excited to see what you come up with - good luck! RT : Scraping ! :D
Thanks for the #ff ! Have a great weekend.
Thanks for the RT. How about them #sixers?
I think they mean the Bush tax cuts. Which, you know, Obama extended.... So there's that.
Swagg Bros on a world Tour real soon! Stay tuned to Houston's Attractions for more info in a city near u and country near U!
HELP looking for play of the day with little league kid video from last week. Pls send link
Is my deck super tidy or my yard clear of weeds? No. Am I enjoying it anyway? You bet.
Sarah, could you please call me at (608) 692-6137. Sandy Cullen, Wisconsin State Journal
no argument there
Dear North Carolina, Fuck you. Sincerely, T. Something
just ate over 40 totino's pizza rolls u dig?
Oh how I wish that was me
Did they already pillage the Numero Group pop-up shop?
:-) Will I see you this weekend? P
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms in the Twitterverse, including to of my favorites, and !
no one would be preventing it if the offer were 20% either. Doesn't change fact that the deal is undesirable, unfair for players
Lmbo the conversations we have at the hair salon hahaha
hey honey(; #choppin'it
Right back at you brother. See you tomorrow.
Winning? Lol more like losing..
N' im up out to the Car wash Behind my house..
When you're at the mall and see some hot dudes while you look like shit -.-
yay!! Boston was one of the pictures! :)
heck yes! What about as a northern base?
Heard Aaron Sorkin speak after a screening of Social Network. Brilliant writer! To write about a character, he had to first relate to him.
All three, plz.
We're getting reports from our friends at that the #Phish party is in full effect...Cheers to a Phantastic weekend!
Long fun night?
My dad annoys me so bad, I can't stand sitting next to him... I just had to get up and leave.
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today.
Just done watching the game. Easily summed up in 3 words: "Football, bloody hell."
I would think they both would, especially LaRoque but haven't seen anything definitive
About to see #21jumpstreet. Also denied popcorn. I hope enjoys these American Reunion trailers.
do u have anything new. No samples though?
Next time!
Tia's is accepting applications for all positions. Weekdays 10 to for details visit www.tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
round 3 of finally trying to watch Uncle Boonmee. don't know why its so damn hard to dedicate time to finishing this, but i'm gonna do it!
Correction ny cops damned iPhone keyboard
What do you guys think of our cover of Cute Without The E? :3
Welcome Isabella. Happy Christmas to you and the family!
Got my sister to massage my sun burn >:)
NVM. I get it now
I'd be okay with dying right now
lmao tht ment to be a smiley my bad/
Everybody's coming out! Now it's time to work the gay agenda. Ding!
It's cool if getting laid by hot tattooed pin-up chicks isn't your thing Bo.
all I need are my magic shoes...
the answer is NO...
RT : It's not too late to join the conversation on scholarships #campuschat with
I can't get to #etsy on IE or Firefox today. Anything happening here? I'm bored.
Congressman tweets are down 28%. Maybe they are too busy actually working? Elected officials, grow up, enough of this nonsense.
Thanks for your support
u got these losers furious
When a waitress asks if I<U+FFFD>d like to hear about the specials, I politely explain that talking about retarded people ruins my appetite
#MCCosigned I would love a signed mic ;)
we're not gay!
Jessica Simpson takes heat for pregnancy weight gain
double sausage race!! Sounds like Jay's Friday night at the club.
Want an #EABF tee or pint glass and not get one? We'll have them for sale from 5:30-8pm tonight. $18 tees/$2 glasses!
looking forward to working with you in a couple weeks with the !
Punk'd!!! look on face is priceless!! lmfaooo way to go !! XD
thank u for following
Look this week for highlights of the Men's coaching staff! Today its, Peter Mullenbach Biography - Seattle University Redhawks...
Love it. I'll talk with our tech guy and see how to make that a reality. It was great meeting you in person Saturday, Brad.
I just bought a fucking house!!!
and can yall send me some cracklin from ronnies? please i'm withdrawing real bad
headed to the gym then I am working all day long YAY... Happiness is working out working hard & sleeping well!!!
Fuckin' damn it! >:( It's all good, they got it next game.
Congrats to all 37 Flyers fans that stayed til the final buzzer.
We are booking a US tour in June/ July. Get in touch if you want to book a show
Gracias for the mention
i knew i shouldnt let my boy go to prom wit her im gone kiddnap her ass
ha! brain doctor says my brain is normal. so there!
In their attempt to sabatage Pres#Obama the #GOP has shown their true colors: anti-Constitutional; dictatorial ambitions; and inner racism
I love you like a fat kid loves cake, you know my style ill say anything to make you smile.
Time for a hair cut
#SomeFluffForYa Do cliches and the standard schoolyard dynamics really fade or are they just more revamped and subtle in the adult world?
Oh my god can I sleep all day? Nope..? Damn.
Jeff Taylor with the dunk!!!
thanks Walter!
bed finally!
Luckily I lived in Manhattan, once upon a time :)
medicine has progressed south since then.. Wish insulin was made sooner! :-/
Patriots need to stop with the sob story though..
He's right Liver lips! RT : Follow the real Mort Goldman >>>
i know you love beyonce, whats the point? lol
Yes!!!! Nick Mara is so SEXY :D <3
All I know is that Vic and Gary had the best morning Sports radio show in Denver and why they're not on the air is nuts.
Whaddaya know? The cleanup hitter cleaned up.
i dont have the patience to look through my mentions
Perry Ellis!!!!!!!!! More blue chips for the hawks...
Happy New Years to you too!
When you call your parents to ask where they are and the reply is the emergency room. :// not good.
Hi Ralph! Thanks for the great comments PR/social media maven extraordinaire makes me look good!
Dear Internet People: What is some of the best or worst dating advice you've received from your mom? For a project... and also for my life.
Three focal points: educate, income, and health.
Our 2010 Pinot Noir fruit has arrived safely from California! Winemaking season has officially begun!
S/O to for nearly killing me today.<U+E41F>
Im sure it is, but I can't eat seafood.... :(
How was your food?
The school's site says that the colors are blue and silver.
back to back lets go!!
yea they r u post it there n share it on Twitter n Facebook!!!
Truth is by nature self-evident. As soon as you remove the cobwebs of ignorance that surround it, it shines clear. -Gandhi
some dude in a band decided he would destroy our bass head but but got it fixed today.
When you cry off your own fiction while proofreading like something went down for real, you are on the right track. Keep going.
Hey Neil - Thanks for the follow.
Computer Vision Syndrome and Children: Kids are on the computer more than ever - increasing fears of pediatric eye doctors that they're...
I asked for coffee...15 minutes ago...when I just asked for a status update, he told me he was "pre-wetting the filter."
Ok, as far as I'm concerned it's summer! Amazing in NY today <U+2600>
I still can't believe Google picked Kansas City...
Yeah, I know, that would be wonderful lol. I should be around Wednesday, why do you ask? lol :)
Getting lost in an episode of
& are the best!!!! Gonna be amazing wifeys!
Because they're happy to see anyone new?
#Phish tix posted on my CC. But the price indicates I didn't get the shell for all 3 shows at SPAC. Still 6 shows this summer! Can't Wait!
"My heart will still jump because to me, they look the same: Ex-girlfriends...black Jettas." ::ima robot::black jettas::
More Padres batters with .000 BA than have hits through 2 games.
Lmfao it's sad how you would never say that to me & my friends's faces.
Great. Let a buddy borrow my iPad for a bit, and he uses my Facebook account to "poke" a bunch of people.
super psyched for the AIMS kickoff in my backyard in Owings Mills, MD on September 26th. GO PLPeeps.
The day you have waited for an entire year has finally arrived! Get excited! See you tonight at BYX Barn Dance 2011!!
Rocking out to Bluegrass Metallica with , , , , , & It's good!
7) Be lucky. - Donald Trump’s rules of success. Rule #8 coming in 4 hours.
We’re lucky to live in such a gorgeous city:
- you are crazy, just like ;P
Dirty mouth? Clean it up, with new orbit mint mojito.
A putt to win the #Masters? I would be getting sick on the 18th.
here is your afternoon tweet. I hope everyone is having an amazing day!
Amen! We need some variety over there! Can't wait to see Melissa McCarthy too.
Hope everybody had a great day and had a safe and great night. Talk to you all in the morning.
#NP Hi-a Ma - Milk & Sugar Dub Remix
well then we should hang boy...you going to maricon tonight?!
I will lose terribly RT : yes it is. You really want to get into a cursing debate?
Why not celebrate existing, growing decentralized network of digital distrib. of "out-of-print" work through self-pub?
jk we have it in the library sometime in the morning
The Rays have been my backup team since about a year before they started playing.
I always watch it #MIOBI !!!
Your mom is a grocery-cart handle. RT : Grocery-cart handles are dirtier than supermarket bathrooms, study says!”
Just started to watch 6 FT under and I am totally addicted.
Guess who is seeing their best friend tonight for the first time in 9months!?! ME<3
Happy birthday one day late(:
Last week I was at a Brewers game and saw a Bears #4 Favre jersey. Tried snapping an incognito pic but didn't turn out.
I'm tired of society guilting me into wanting abs. F-YOU!! If you need me I'll be doing cardio and crunches the next hour. Lol!!
I know ! I'm still cute tho ;)
maybe you should get off twitter and Facebook both! Haha she's lookin right at you
Happy birthday!! Where the party at?
Danny Boyle's "Trainspotting" is playing one last time tonight at 11PM! Catch it for $5
Aint she sweet and genuine.. still funny as heck at 90!
I'm sorry, It's just that my graphic designer came up with exactly what I needed for the site, so I told him to make more.
Trying to find low cost eye trackers, any ideas out there?
True Love.
U go girl! Im there! MT : I'll be in a theatre #CLT #production May 19! Come watch!
I really need some sleep.. If I don't get some sleep people tend to bother me:/
So if I text someone I expect an answer back #it'saRespectThing
Lmfao! Everyone is done at this cookout lol
Fuck, marry, kill: ScarJo, Megan Fox, Jessica Alba. Aaannnddd....GO.
had our first #ballsmoment with linda the other day hahaha
Ladies and gentleman, please be aware of pickpockets. In NYC It's considered rude to tip less than 15% of your savings account.
Watching walk in on someone in a stall... Priceless
If anyone cares the Blue Int. team is beating the whie Inter. team 40-26 I'd rather watch the 6 yr.olds
Give the gift that doesn't get "re-gifted" - handmade olive oil soap!
ah happy late birthday!
let me know when the next one is going down. I'll try to make it!
Game Time.!
"Forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet & the winds long to play with your hair." ~Kahlil Gibran... Seek out #SimpleJoys!
Ive always done best at hiding how i really feel .
Off work now time to spark up :)
Trying to jailbreak my phone..
#BieberGraduationGifts you should ask some fans to make a scrapbook about his past life through to where he is now!(:
don't get why everyone assumes a healthy Stafford is automatic playoff-caliber.
This kittie is a camera ham. I'd say she belongs in this family. :)
Oh. I guess that might work okay for me. I'll check out the trial.
Security lighting may provide aid in the detection or deterrence of intruders and in some cases simply increase the feeling of safety.
I lived there for 2 years. IT'S SO AWFUL.
y u stressed txt my phone
it is hot as hell i need something cold to drink or something lol
I agree
I need a sugar daddy
I'M THINKING ABOUT MY AUNTIE YOU WILL BE MISSED TRULY
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
"Want a stamp? I like you, Meg. I like you! Like, like, like, like, like. La, la, la, la, la!"
You got it!!
RT : I wish my life was stress FREE.
looks like storm is finally here. Cazy wind. Lots of rain. Still have elec. 1 casualty - TOMATO PLANT DOWN! Repeat tomato plant down.
visited at Google today for lunch.. I really think I'm meant to work there because of the juicer station they have at their caf
I know - I want to go back to NYC too. M - another vacation elsewhere with you would suffice too ;-)
RT : First annual #TriSpringConf12 kicks off tomorrow in Dallas!
Working hard at 's Leadership in a Sales Organization conference! Great to see our members here.
Miami is gonna be insane this weekend!!
Vision without execution is a hallucination. ~Thomas Edison
What are these "books" things you speak of? Netbooks? Chromebooks?
Love to be outside in this weather all day!
Miltary Helicopter flying low over the railroad yard in Reading today!
My mind just went straight to the gutter lol!
Be the change you want to see in the world
: Rhetoric is that point in space-time where a resistable force meets a movable object.
my lil boo is going to be getting all those bitches. fuck bitches and get money is his motto
Out with my dad instead of #acllotto-ing today. Happy scratching!
Me & the homies, on a Sunday afternoon.
When making the impossible possible, failure is inevitable. And failure is not the end, but a sign that we've managed to surpass ourselves.
Oh lawdy it's Betty White's 90th?
The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was hot.
Murphy's Law of Laundry states that the article of clean clothing that I drop when removing clothes from the dryer must be something black.
I was so disappointed I missed it last night but to my delight its on tonight! Thank God!!
yeah they would
Come make a difference at #ToysforJoy this Saturday and catch a pre-release performance of my new album, Would love to see you out there!
hey howie! mines goin. where's james at?
im pretty sure it is bc it expired like 2 months ago. A.L.Y.S.S.A.<.3
Lemony salad /Cous cous is incredible / all back to work soon
Retired? I wish... Officially back at work tomorrow. Not sure about on-air though, won't be my call.
don't lose who you are.
Looks like we will be seeing U2 before :) Friday concert changed to Wednesday.
Saying what your heart feels describing what your words can't
Seems like many of the paper based medical records professions likely have similar conference topics!
sounds wonderfully unfathomable :)
<< Exactly! Don't blink!
Key West I've missed you!
Figured out what happened on the first lap in Goodland... Tire went down.
I'm going to hopefully have Harry by the time our 10 seconds 2 inches away from each other is over. If I even get that lol
OH from "If we do this right no one will need onboarding or offboarding again, because it's all in #Socialtext."
Thank you!
The had 23 assists last night. Congrats to 4 the closest guess- enjoy your Zipcar waterbottle!
Spain to approve new financial reform
lol ....how was your weekend
Yes! Opened yesterday! Come on by, we'd love to see you! :)
Great day! Hope the rest of the week is like this!! #happytweet :)
congrats on valedictorian laur! thats amazing and you deserve it!:)
where at jerk
20 more days...just 20 more days...
follow me and ill give youu a shout put help me get to 400
Congrats ILS 8th Grade basketball teams on your wins!!! AWESOME :)
thank u!!<33
I should gossip less.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms, grandmas, great great grandmas, great great great grandmas. Much love <U+2665>
lol! I don't mind watching th vid!! Wanna see what I missed anyways!!
broke my computer. . again
RT " Roger Klotz?" Ha it will $$ ya we'll spray paint u green/hair orange, leather jacket & Miley as ur purple cat
I am absolutely LOVING the Dexter teasers Showtime is putting out.... S6 just might top S5 ;)
are you still alive?
hope you have a great week!
RT : BR is looking to hire someone with 3-5 yrs of agency account management experience to work on one of our newest accounts.
I could be here all day, but I've gotta paint.
Heading to see #Final4 looking forward to an amazing evening if new entertainers Thank you
Tattoo Artist, Cake & Candy Makers, Certified Beauticians whatever it is you do I want to tell people about it RT or comment wit ur twitter
So everyone thought the fact that the cloud looked like a smurf was funny excvept
youd be Sandy Cheeks
I do!! *waves hands in the air* lol
I love my girlfriend :)
Thanks phi! RT : that shits live bro.. Good stuff
Good Morning!!:)
Play me some ol Alabama (;
and u know this, man
I hate it when I'm almost done packing & I start to think of the "what if's" so I scurry around packing tons more.
haha i wonder how many are going to do it
Watching ESPN OnDemand makes me wonder what a sports world would have been like with Marcus Dupree and Len Bias having full pro careers.
Welcome back beieber hair flip??? No comment.....
Dats true. They need to calm down also
Umm...we might be related? Hah where in Crockett County does your family live?! I'm here now..
hi love. How r u?
Is it possible for Theo to eat the one he just signed himself and go back to Beantown where he belongs?
Are you guys ready for your first day back?
The Mavericks
I finally lost a couple pounds , so happy
Owner and MS. Glad you liked it.
#follow me I #follow back
That would be great. Tell me more.
"i hate Mindlezz Behavior" "I hate mindless bhavior "i hate mindlezz Behvior" Ok well as long as you dont hate Mindless Behavior <3
Heat v Cavs, nice!
well done fake professor!
So Exited!! <3
I just want a classy birthday party in the downtown Los Angeles area. Is that too much to ask?!
Thank you. We are pretty excited. RT : saw the article. Congrats!
I love my main bitches.
# U sum a:-) Hot stuff. U want my numba? Ill.make ya.life happia.. Very
Music is a universal language !!!
drs giving out sick notes like candy are teh ones we take your daughters to to get abortion parental waivers
It's better to be married to someone with a good nature than a good physique.
The wifi in my house is terrible.
Already have one printed off to put in my Fish Bowl here in the Oval Office!
The word struggle is the understatement of the year
: Twitter did that thing where it randomly unfollowed a few people and you were one of them! :(
In an editorial that goes up on our website tonight, we'll suggest Barrett, Flynn, Chisholm do more to cure the disease infecting MPD.
Check your naked body is seen wonderfully together, is a thunderclap, is the beauty that is felt, it is my folly.
Waiting longer than 10 minutes in the rain for a bus reminds me why I eschew public transit.
Lord Bless The Dead
always blog :) cleaning can wait!
just watched new Sunny...WAY OVER THE TOP!
ill let you know what i think!
is live at a local hospital where they are about to put customer touchscreens to work! to check it out!
Thank you! love seeing your posts :)
Cut mine into 4, I don't think I can eat 8. - Yogi Berra, in reference to how many slices of pizza he could eat!
ook, How does it feel to be a College Grad!? Welcome to the Team! lol
True emotions are shown through the hands of great workmanship in historic masonry construction
yeah I'm sorta back. Blocked some folks.
pleasure gettin' drunk with ya brother
Man if i was out of town right now i'd be goin downstairs to get my free fresh continental breakfast
When the #Brewers make the playoffs as the last seed, people will be accusing Bud Selig of timing the #MLB playoff expansion perfectly.
F*ck I can't. Closing the bar. How about next Friday?
Realized I have a wedding the same day as the CL final. Have already demanded provisions be made. Did I mention BBQ reception?
thank YOU!! <3
i think you should do "move like jagger" by maroon 5 and christina
It's really a nice morning to be on the bricks. It's part of the reason why I love this job! #KGWSunrise!
Do we give shit? Oh...
awesome! thanks
... what about a shout out for me lol
I don't thiink anyone knows what the hell is going on, but I think we will find out soon
The main purpose of life is to live rightly, think rightly, act rightly. The soul must languish when we give all our thought to the body
The true test of a man is how he handles adversity. Does he continue to work or does he feel sorry for himself and pout.
It's just a matter of time until Pete Campbell murders somebody...
karebear's at my house today,friday,saturday,& sunday (:
Flyaway to Orion Music Festival! next chance to qualify at 2:25 and again at 5:20
Eenie meenie miney moe, you are nothing but a hoe. You think you're cute, you think you're classy. Reality check: you're really trashy(:
We are up and running on the tweet maker. Follow us for promotions and new products we have in the store.
I would love to have a day like ferris buller did lol.
Martin will always be hilarious.
This Saturday At Club Zona Latina PT 2 of the New Pop Single (Tonight) Everyone Is Welcome Come Show Me Love !!!!!!!
Anyone in #fortcollins #colorado and likes #glutenfree cookies for 50% off?? Let us know!! We've got a store for you.
Omg I had mine on since yesterday lol
Rihanna week omg i need to see this
when you had vertigo what was the deal? Jason feeling tipsy not in a good way...
Any good quite lounge in NY? Soft music, warm atmosphere? I just want to go somewhere I can sit comfortably read a book and drink coffee.
Quick trip to Secret Headquarters and then dinner at in Silverlake before back to more work before leaving for the weekend.
a couple turns ago I drew audience, and it showed that you didn't get it, but he right letters werent even showing
WOO HOO! GO SAMI! RT : Your first race will be fantabulous because you'll have trained hard and prepared...
Ugly man is hot tonight. About damn time.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
you hit me up earlier today, right?
i love your nostrils.
Discovering who you really are is one of life's continuous journeys...
Cha, for those who listening
I don't think she ment it like that aha.. i really hope not.
That's brilliant!
If you're visiting Miami for Art Basel - it's right around the corner - secure your vacation rental before it's too late!
Unless you're going to Harvard, it's not worth that much. Go to a state school.
On train car 2248. Suggesting a wonderful day.
There is no shortage of companies here at SXSW that could improve this interminable check-in process.
That's hilarious
y not my mother of my CHID I dislike that baby mama wrd
Playing Kate Capshaw's role in The Temple of Doom
RT : G9 goes to ! CONGRATS Helen!
Lol these girls at da park was fighten then they parents came and started fighten da kids
RT : “By creating compelling content, you can become a celebrity.” – Paul Gillin
The green leaf / is finally falling / to find new life in the ground’s warmth
I'm that way whenever I wake up LOL!
with a loss last night, michigan bball is higher ranked than msu..
Enjoy today and as many as you can! Nice to tweet with a mom who thinks a lot. Be well.
I think unless an ending is truly horrendous, it doesn't stick with you as much.
LOL NO BULL“ Rihanna head butt probably something serious”
Shredding an entire chicken by hand for pho tonight. It shall be a carthartic and delicious endeavor.
are you opening for brunch/lunch on Monday?
Working on our pitch for today. Glad to have two of these under our belts to learn from. Hopefully our winning continues...:)
I Love the idea of extending the experience, creating a community outside the institution. splendid!
Forgetting what is behind and straining toward what is ahead. ~ Philippians 12:14
I may be from Louisville, but my heart belongs to the #Hoyas now! Final: GU 71, Cards 68. Stunning upset!
The world is entering a period of great unrest. I predict stock markets to rally, uncontrollable chaos in the streets this summer, and war.
I just finished season 4! Damn, that's a good show. How far are you?
thanks for sharing!
i have such awesome friends
Follow me !!
They gonna talk about every app u can think about from games to entertainment to social networking to music to references to sex apps
If you are serious about losing weight then Skinny Fiber is the product for you because it flat out works, the added bonus is that you...
I love you, buddy ...
"I really want to do the job that the OS already does for me!" == anyone who writes a web 1.0 app using async code
DM me & will send u a promo code to my game...it's fun!! You won't be bored!!
*grumble* stupid headcold. so pissed that i don't feel like doing anything but rest. i hate getting slowed down when i'm on a roll!
Never fear, SJH has staying power (as well as 40 years' worth of Godey's to quote). Thank you for the mention! :)
RT : Okay can the NFL Owners & Players Stop Watching CNN Coverage of #CaseyAnthony Trial and end the Lockout!!!!!!
and finally we get the list!
You know it! Let us know if you need any Best of Philly BBQ!
Ain't Nobody Got Time For That....
Craziness...": North Korea moves all 3 stages of a long-range rocket into position for a controversial April 12-16 launch"
Lattuca & Stark: "The specific framework used to guide course design activities is less important than...engaging in reflection & analysis."
Fantasy help: Reggie Bush, Steve Smith (CAR), or Julio Jones? Flex position.
What would we do without
Im just checking up on u ;) lol
I made you think, you don't understand All the times you didn't understand, Why you couldn't just be my man.
Dan Duquette is to Boston Red Sox as Andy MacPhail is to Chicago Cubs.
Suggestion: If you are sending out LinkedIn invites, fill out your profile. I'm not going to accept from someone I know nothing about!
but its not really a subconscious thought now that i've figured myself out huh?
RT My hateful anti-Yankees exegesis, 26 years in the making, in , out today
So much for building a student section...
Sometimes the world is way too small.
Agree. Same when Cutler came MT Marshall hasn't played a snap for #Bears & he's already the best receiver we've ever had
Kinda lost count of the dreams I've had of u but they're all good :)
uuuggg left my lights on in my truck, battery totally dead; can't go anywhere!!!!
Welcome to the busy-ness!
No escalators or elevator at 12th and G exit of Metro Center, stairs + allergies = unable to breathe
Thanks for the RT + mention of our new site !
I have to say for what we gave up I'm kinda stoked to deal picks and get Rudy, hope the Rudy from a few years ago shows up at camp though.
not in front of a TV, tell me that Zuckerberg is not wearing a GAP pull over.
You have to draw the line, cause looking back's such a waste of time.
Vader's on that ship...
Awesome! Very honored and surprised to receive Partner Award at Eversheds IT Awards dinner tonight. Thanks for great party!
Every once in a while a song comes along that forces me to up my guitar game. This is one of those songs.
Tell him about Indiana's 4 and 6 at the IMA :)
bout time
All i Kno Is Real Its in My DNA
I have a lie detector edged in my brain
I agree, but not sure what policy solution is. Reduce caps on borrowing from Feds? Regulate private loan market?
Loved the idea of a mansion for every state. Hated the idea of a dolphin embassy (seriously).
like the last tweet! Haha I hear you skip! Please retweet!
Oh Barry ..... I can't wait for you to be gone
I want my bellybutton pierced...
Little scrum after the whistle when Streit pulls down Giroux. Streit was pulled down in the #Flyers zone but #isles didn't get the call
There is no better medium for up-to-the-nanosecond news then Twitter
I hope you dont mind that I put down in words how wonderfull live is, when you are in the world. To Aaron, my crush!!!
we should! haha
Sign up for our newsletter at www.wearelux.com this WEEKEND ONLY and receive a free ebook on Internet marketing! #retweet :D
Starting to look like it will be a busy summer of recording at
Everything applies to MLB The Show!
Follow on twitter for Milwaukee Parade details.
Ask ESPN why they thought doing Randy Moss blackface was amusing -- even on Halloween?
And the winner of our #MadeInNY Craft Beer Showcase is....! Congrats you guys!
Follow and for me please! We would really appreciate it! :)
Once this lockout is over and the season gets closer will be doing some fun things. More contests and giveaways.
Loving the SEC championship game. Dirty nasty football, what's not to like?
<3 : No precincts in yet from Menominee County. Expecting strong Muppet turnout.
also let's not tweeze our eyebrows for the next month too
Thank you Karyna! :)
It's finally over. No fight? LAME!
Thank you for the announcement! I am honored to be a part of this great organization!
Old Ways, Neil Young
As for me, celeb apprentice is background noise as I finish up THE SUMERTON WOMEN.
Correct, 3 rounds and we will get the scenarios posted at the store and online soon.
" Guys are playing like this is some throwaway game in Rochester!!!!" - Kurt Russell when asked about the rangers play so far
you're gonna love it!!!!
Waddup interested in being in a Movie? Where u located at?
I give your work an A-plus, Jason!
Great to hear! Thanks for the response.
visiting and today with miss ! it has been a while since we have roamed the eastside :)
I get to go to a rocky horror picture show rave. I'm having second thoughts
i think i found a new one
Wow. RT : Before the how is the why...before the why (and during the how) is the alive creative impulse...
Do you use Ning in your higher ed courses? If so, how? Please message if you can comment.
hello there to you!
Don't forget to register for the couples massage from LaBella Spa & Salon & a gift card to the Melting Pot. Drawing 2-29. TheBlindManNM.com
Sunshine coming again. People kayak etc, don't realize if they get in, water still so cold they get hypothermia..in 15 min. Careful.
tomorrow we will be competing at the aurarias has got talent competition between 3 pm and 6 pm come support us 2MX2 tivoli turnhall
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music & very good people! At the game? Xfinity Live PBR!
Figured out the plot problem; now I just have to completely rewrite chapters 10 - 13. That should keep me busy for a little while.
I can't see Jake's page, it gives error. -,-
Back to Evidence!
Watching Persons Unknown.
that hashtag was in an effort to get you people started on it.
RT if you're happy :)
So, we're going today in one big crazy crowd to : free admission 5pm-9pm! Wanna join? (cc: )
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs what would poor kids do? Perhaps fall through the cracks?” –Jerry
Thanks Tom Hope you have a great week!
It's Impossible for me to listen to "Tiny Dancer" in my car and not pretend I'm on the tour bus with Stillwater
Nasty westbrook, just nasty.
Catch our last performance of the Diamond Eater @ the Play Room Theater with a great cast, directed by Robert Kaflin.
that's the last time i borrow a pencil from a girl... there's only so many hello kitty charms i can take on a pencil<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#HomeSweetHome...if only I didn't have to get back to reality in the morning
Unconditional love would be a beautiful thing though. Some day.
Thanks boo! :)
Im your 100th follower!
Watched Galaxly Quest and took a nap (no, not at the same time).
Then awkward moment when people think calling one direction is gay is an insult.
Thx! :) RT : Got interview questions back from This will be a fun one to work on
that's a fascinating article on American football and a great job articulating a thought that's definitely going around.
Sorry Ziemer, this is the NFL draft, not the MLS draft. RT : What about Alex Tanney from Monmouth, Oatesy!
I do
It's a site that allows people to review (and look for) places to go to eat, go out, find a dentist, etc. It's pretty useful!
Do you think you're a #socialmedia aficionado? Then how about applying for an internship w/ ? Email resumes to
I wanna catch you in the act if you are fucken up
Yankees or Tigers? Rangers or Rays?
new regime..
Oh, just wait!
There is strife, mortal strife, with wooden men & passionless queens & unfrocked bishops, but gambling entereth not.
Joe Hellerstein (of Google) speaking at #cloudfut2012 on scientific apps of cloud computing (computational chemistry and brain science).
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
If he's cheated on you once, he will do it again. I wouldn't get your hopes up.
It would be more awkward lol RT : If its awkward now? Imagine later on.
Did you miss your chance to audition for American Idol? We may just have an alternative for you this fall...more info soon :)
I love RnB more than any other type of music. Well that and jazz intrumentals.
": lol I'm already shocked cuz u admitting to liking him & these feelings LOL." I know!! Shoot me now LOL
I've never been there! Sounds like a blast though! Oh no! What happened to it?? :(
Jean Chatzky on the Today show says if you go to a debt consolidation company for help it will not show on your report WTF Stupid woman
I'm surprised Cerner isn't a choice...not a bad list though, thanks.
Is it me or did everyone go home early because it's Halloween weekend? Where is everybody?
I think that one needs to be in a loop.
How come when your awake all night. You pee 5-6 times. But when you sleep. You don't wake up to pee and sometimes don't pee when you get up
Those stupid holes that randomly spear in your clothes.-__________-
I am loving the #Google home page today (:
you are such an inspiration to so many people :) never forget that!
Watching the DBacks play
it's my middle name
Ok i take back every mean thing I said about Sitefinity just please get this horrible SharePoint Designer off my computer.
Congrats, Carla! Happy Birthday!!!!
It was totally random...but thankfully no shots or stitches. Just a good cleaning & some antibiotics.
Hazardous Mat, Spill-Leak
Holy high waves at
omg me either<21
Hey Doug, thanks for the RT.
Happy New Year!
hey Deb, thx for the follow. How are you?
I dont think tweetergetter works either
Registration is open & people R signing up 4 #Edcampss. don't miss out on a chance 2 meet & listen 2 in Philly 3/24!
RT Lining up Milwaukee's best musicians for a new song I'll be recording with milwaukee's best producer &manager
ill stick with parachute pants... jk...
# of rings don't equal quality of player. Ask Barkley and Marino.
Captain America chamber RT Whatever it is that Juwan is doing 2 still look so young, I want 2 know his secret
Hey Hon remember you got all of us cheering you on!!!
lost my virginity while playing wagon wheel.
I wish these mamas would stop putting all this weave intheir little girls hair. Looking like the old school Clark Sisters.
Traveling in Britain today. Tate Britain has some great Pre-Raaphaelite paintings.
I'm still baffled by the fact that people actually pay Cision for this information.
Only two teams beat Kentucky so far this year, Indiana and Vanderbilt, the alma mater of IU slays UK again next week!
You dont win a MVP award. You earn it! Congratulations to
I love her with all my heart and she doesn't get it......
We have our Spring 2012 Call Out Meeting tonight...who's coming? :-)
Waiting for a commercial that just says,"Hey you, buy this!"
If you are coming to the Heartland Worship Institute....get your deposit in before the price goes up soon!!
#askObama What are you doing to get unemployed to start businesses?
oh man was that an amazing show. Best show I've seen since I saw them the last time they were here in 2004.
I met Adam Richman at his book signing. Even more charming in person!
catalogers are machines.
Saul Alinsky, B.O.s mentor dedicated his book to Lucifer?
didn't want the public option, and in fact they did vote FOR it to be included, it just means, those Conserva Dem minority would not
alcohol solves everything...and bike riding!
SARAH!! <3 Will you please follow me? It would mean so much to me<3 I love you!!
Ah thank you
"OMG ARE YOU OK!?!?" "yeah fine! I just like bleeding for fun!"
“The voice of authority may mock you – but it is you who decides your success or fate.” – Angela Oberer
are you really getting a hog? i've been wanting to get one for so long
Switching it up tonight.. 's Sailing Souls until i fall asleep <U+E022>
Remedial Kitten*
your pic is still an egg :p
Did the intern forget to turn the ringer off?
I need somebody real!
Back home
Where is the trust????
Huh frustrated as fuckkkk
We have a handful of #FLEX / #ActionScript #Developer #Jobs in #Seattle. bit.ly/dDn0WQ
curious to know your thoughts. At least they used "1st gen canadian" rather than "1st gen immigrant."
- I love you <3
Haha yea, where my pen at?
idk like this morning i was about to throw up on my pillow XD haha
Night guess ill talk to you tomarrow xoxo :)
Daaaaa Bears! They will bounce back today!
Fragrant jasmine blooming everywhere, FTW.
I see an amputated toe in my future
This girl saying she gives up on 1D cuz they dont tweet fans.. #smh. I get ur point but you're leaving them?
Both on a Sunday!
DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MONEY GO THROUGH OR NOT?!
Please tell us about products you dearly love. We are looking for quality business and consumer products to add to our website.
*hugs* and sympathy from here. May the little darlings not be too hyped from presents and candy.
Artists need loyal fans! It cultivates longivity of their creativity.
thats john legend song "ordinary People"
They are pretty damn cool
My Willowbrook High School #choir buddies are on tour in Washington DC - I hope you all have a wonderful trip!
Who was the first girl you ever kissed? Mine was Tammy D. Her parents were out and we were watching porn.
we just sang happy birthday to you& you didn't wake up lol love you pretty girl :) hope you have a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
#bbtweetup10 question: Possibly a #BbWorld twit list in future years?
Just started following, but congrats. Happy to make any recommendations in Atlanta...also a transplant from Northeast.
that moment when retweets you and you can't help but fangirl over it >>>>
I am profoundly saddened by Junior Seau's death. He was a great player and to hear his teamates talk about him , a better person. RIP..
wish I was
This is Teresa of Pretty Dandy. Please check your email. I sent you email twice. :)
Congratulations to Jay Sanchez NAGA Bantam Weight Expert Division Champion
I do, but more so I can do a better job with the LibGuide for it.
Everyone go out & support the O'Connor soccer boys tonight!!
No they are family
Fun time tonight at Chicos Angels! Danny Casillas is so sexy!!
I saw some footage of some polar bears drinking water... it's OBVIOUSLY fake. Everybody knows they only drink Coca-Cola..
": wish I could go babe ... #NEXT2NAKED you know I hate clothes lol" I know u do lol
Dartz's PR machine puts some automaker PR shops to shame.
ahh nice, is it for your birthday ??xx
Secy Solis: people want to do business where pools of skilled workers live...accepting applications for TAA commty college funding
Seen on a T-shirt: Fate loves the fearless...
Question Tucson: Why is the road Miracle Mile named Miracle Mile, whats the Miracle??
3 months ago when I talked with friends about voting for Fletcher, everyone said there was no way he'd win. Now...it's a real possibility!
I hear it's Craft Beer Week....Celebrate it tonite at the Inn with a Shock Top or Laguintas IPA on draft while you watch the game!
You should think of good things cuz not all of my goodies are showin :o) lol
Feels good to get off work
Absolutely, but my time is limited, so I usually can't get on Twitter until the weekends:)
Thanks! That's probably my favorite part of this job.
I heard this old Italian proverb in a movie: "When a woman runs away it means she loves you." What are your thoughts? True? Ridiculous?
twitter can be buggy!
I’m Standing Up against poverty on Sundy with Pls RT and join me.
Flying over Colorado to refuel some B2 bombers. Just a normal Wednesday morning.
New tracks coming soon, thanks to members of Mapmaker and Gramps The Vamp for letting us use your space.
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. -Buddha , We need to change our diet!
Uploading the new episode to youtube as we speak... A link will soon follow
How many off y'all think I should change my name
It was a packed house tonight For American Bandstand night. Next week is Guest night 2 for 1 special.
Good catching up with my boy today, we need to kick it this summer my man
thank you that means alot
heh :) actually we have zero ulta's in nyc! how lame is that!?
I knew she was a whore when she ordered the cream of mushroom soup
Hehe. Perhaps. Lots of slippery shadows on the island... Have you ever been here?
feeling the unnatural pull of Bob Evans in the chain restaurant war zone of the American Middle West
Geo has got to stop pulling everything. At minimum he needed to get that runner to 3B.
There goes toe nail number 2. Now my pinkie toes are matching.
Hey Barack what do u do on the weekends when your not campaigning?
I will let you know. Going to try it w\ DDBA spring team.
LOL. I though about how many symptoms are adaptations last week while suffering from feverish gastroenteritis in the field.
Ok this is sal. I'm not in the band no more. Good luck to them. I ran this twitter so no more updates. To follow me,
OMG! THE WANTED WERE AMAZING ON THE VOICE TOMS SLIDING ON THE STAGE AND NATHAN AND SIVA DANCING AND MAX AND JAY JUST LOOKING CUTE!!<U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Up and still at it...
Congratulations Ian! RT : ": Congrats to on his #GoldenQuills awards with John Shumway!" Thanks Bobby!
Spending this beautiful day not in class but on the golf course with
THAT LAST PHONE CALL!!!!!
Anyone know a FileMaker guy in Phoenix?
what app?!
You coning to court tonight ?
Thanks! I'll take a look at it.
An extra $1,000 for college would mean a better life and a top notch education.
It's a wrap! Cellophane Dragon Lady shoot is done done done! Can't wait to share the finished images! So sparkly <3
I blame my boring friends for the lack of adventure in my life.
We are taking walk-ins all weekend. Come on in and get Thai!
We want to thank everyone for coming out last night and supporting Totally Cool Totally Art's youth art exhibition opening!
Um I'm waking up in about 7 hours..I should probably get some sleep.
Hustle everyday...follow me
Leadership - It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy.
Sometimes during the day, i use the word LOOFAH so much, i find my tongue stuck to my piilow at night,...GROSS
At Science Museum, plenty of buried treasures - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Q2 I hope to be smiling more about my discipline and health
Thanks for spending your last day with and me. Safe travels!
oh, hopefully the tweet noise doesn't bring in stray cats !!!!!!!! Hehe
I know is tired when I can "out math" her.
We're trying to keep things intimate but since you asked, sure, tell your +1 to RSVP as well.
sleep allows our bodies to REALLY rest and reset. When people say you canm start again tomorrow, its physical too
RT : A good date ends with Dinner. A great date ends with Breakfast.
Can't wait til I no longer ever have to deal with the crappy
I made a stop earlier...
cool beans. thanks.
Been shopping for four hours with my family looking for clothes for the wedding..
Watchin CUBS-CARDS on WGN. Grandson over later and spending nite, hope to be able to watch REDS game, need it to get to even. GO REDS!!!
halleluj! I need a break!!
Anyone else notice the similarity btw Daughter of Smoke and Bone and Alias?
Listening to The Kooks on Burberry's Art Of The Trench...When will it be trench weather in LA?
LISTEN TO MY MUSIC WITH HEADPHONES AND YOU'LL HEAR WHAT I HEAR AND FEEL THE DIFFERENCE FROM HEARING OUT LOUD AND NOT LISTENING...-YOUNG.S
just feel better, cleaner!!
I had 2 acquaintances say something 2 me about drinking beer within a few minutes. I wasn't drinking but it's how they said it.
lol ok I believe you.
The new Gebco commercial rules.
"Ire is a great word... For queers."
We're in control of only that which we are in control of: our effort, ability to learn from our experiences, and management of adversity.
another day,........another dollar.
In order for us to be on the same page allow me to be the bookmark
Did i really just miss a ustream?! :O I have missed it for like 4 weeks now. :(
Bynum needs to get his head out of his a$$ for half the game!!
Retweet or message me or do sum if your still up
Maylene and the Sons of Disaster have just been added to Minerva! Stoked to see them with underOATH again?
Who will go yard 1st this season: Albert Pujols or Bryce Harper?
Dream and give yourself permission to envision a You that you choose to be
sweet! thanks, ginny!
I am dreaming of a place . I am dreaming of a place where the stars always twinkle and the sun always shines
The prize will go out to the user that has the four millionth document in their delivery...so, really close :)
Gnarly wine! It is Lagunitas night at Cooper's Tavern!
Well its official. I broke my elbow and going to need surgrey. Great.
d00d i wish @
Taco Tuesday!
you are so sweet!
your heart<3
The capacity for hope is the most significant fact of life
let's got to sunset lol
oh he is so guilty
It's my primary fan base. They just get so bizarre and creative.
TELL THAT TO PEOPLE IN MAINE
Heading to the gym, why do the guys at my gym parade round after doing a set?
Yikes. RT : Following Virginia Tech situation live Scary and sad...
Lebron James should ask Rogaine if he can be their spokesperson so he can get some free product for that hairline
I think you're right... The best show ever would be an In The Heights/RENT collab, am I right?
just make sure u bring milk!!! Lol ~ahah
Seriously. TV just doesn't get better. Spectacular! ABC is insane if they don't renew.
“: UTRECHT!” best record fair I have ever been to in my life there! Have fun!!
“: Technology and an umpire not in agreement a lot tonight.” very tight strike zone.
This Jose Altuve guy is giving me an ulcer. Actually, it might be the tuna salad put on the bottom of my frozen yogurt bowl.
Sorry about your failed marriage, guy with the Hooters shirt and matching cap.
coronado springs :D haha I've never been there!
Clearing my head from a shit day at the office by reading The Walking Dead and enjoying a Spotted Cow
I'd prefer to be your best friend rather than your ex-boyfriend.
Huge fan, wish you the best brotha! Throw BOMBS!
Yes before we know it you guys will be on the field playing, Then you will be getting ready for the Super Bowl game.
Skin Folk script reading taking place on Saturday! Updates to come!
avy still gettin hers done tomorrow ?
Denroy Morgan bringing down the house with 'I would do anything for u'
May be kidding a bit. Reasonably priced though.
No you didn't!
guys it's 12am and I thought it was 12pm so I woke up and started straightening my hair!
Just got mega nostalgic while looking at my afternoon snack (apple). I can see my Granny's hands wielding a knife, curling the peel just so.
Colombiana The movie is the shit
Lesson of the Day: Antebellum Boston loved their ventriloquists.
Sign up yet to ride across the big bridge? Yep - Bike the Bay coming up August 28: 25 miler - SD, Nado, IB, CV, NC and back to SD-muy cool!
sup we finna party tonight?
we menz have our moments as well lol
Life is good, there is no problem too big or too small that God can't solve.
i wish i didnt have to forget my myspace password - __-
I don’t always drink, but when I do, I prefer drinking with hot chicks. Stay thirsty my friends…
Mueller!! Bayern score again! Up 3-1 in aggregate!
Knees and hands are scraped. shoulder is hurting..debating is emergency necessary I dont think so
getting dressed for school!
oppose internet censorship.
gingerbread cupcakes I'll ice with cream cheese for our website redesign meeting tomorry morn
Any chance this special extends a week? How much is single day next week? I can't find it on the website. thx
What are you thoughts on bookmarking? Do you use them? What is your preference?
No Work for me Tomorrow! YAHH YAHH
what happened to "it's a #classic" lol
$ I Thnk i just invented Twitter Yoga! $$$ And Five and a half hour twitter energy drink!!! Million dollars Mill more. YESS!
lol I meant to jus tap her back into the room
Ppl...why do ppl who stay wit you and don't pay a dime in rent...always have shit to say....
Was crankin at the Big Chair Today!!
Marion barber is such a #scrub. single handedly lost the bears the game
aha thanks! (: my chubby little costume..(;
Are you sad to see Rob move to Bismark?
A person full of words & no action, is not qualified to advise me on anything.
Good morning Beautiful People ))
we got a liar up in hurr
I don't know it all, but I will tell you what I know, never let a girl cook N your kitchen, all up N yo fridge, & next will B the stove..
Im on skype now... just joined, an im worried about the possible security breaches i could leave my phone vulnerable to
"He who would travel happily must travel light." Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Prologue & Chapter one of my new story The Way I Loved You is in my favorites. Please read and RT! (: Thanks!
Dig your profile! J.Nighties are also eco-friendly.Thanks for the follow!
I think it's a beef sausage, but I'm not sure. We do pork sausage, but could probably create some for him.
why I buy silver. 2 hedge against up coming inflation.
follow back?
Sticky Drama All The Way Want My Dick You Gotta Pay
Raja dat! If you in San Jose we stay at Kaiser Santa Teresa Farmers Market on Sat. 9am-2pm Mean da
Anybody tryna see Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance tonight?
RT : Concluding the key difference between SOA and EDA is that preconditions (SOA) become post conditions (EDA).. loose coupled
For once I wanna look in the mirror and be happy with what i see.
Did we mention $2 tall boyz & $2 tacoz ALL DAY?! Golly! I will not calm down about these dealz!!
i don't know what's worse this or if you actually got that haircut..
You like "When your girlfriend ties you up and then humps 5 guys in front of you. And then each guy punches you on the way out."
": PIGS FEET TONIGHT"yum!
I'm glad you liked it. :)
WTH HELL UNDERTAKER NEEDS TO GET BACK OLD SCHOOL AND MOLLY WOP DAT BITCH
mr lekousis tryna identify whales.. Hope the loins r in the healin process
YOU'LL FIGURE IT OUT FAST! RT Thanks! I don't even know how to use it! All I need is another addiction! Ugggghhhh! Lol
During the Believe tour, Justin should bring Pattie up to the stage to sing Turn To You to her. That would be the cutest thing in the world
#Rupaulsdragrace I think that director just called Phi Phi "Pee Pee."
“: d1inc210” alright I'll give ya a call tonight when I log on
that would be off to bed very early. Told you I was exhausted.
Its a hard knock life for us .
if you want to get some karma points back for sharing - i sit a cube away from you.
Winner of the room & VIP table for tomorrow is .....!! Congrats! Please reply to confirm
What if a guy told you "I don't eat pussy" how many points will he lose exactly
Without me, it's just aweso.
You're so punny!
did I seriously just lose my voice?
ditto. Blue Lagoon's from trop Smoothie are the best!
Carmelo must be mad that the name Fab Melo is already taken and that it is someone's actual name.
Even Ike Turner and Joe Jackson are jealous of this beating.
Worst feeling=realizing you have to enter
Please tell me you've already written one called "You Can Donut!"
La Perla turns into a club after 10pm. You heard it here first.
Neither shall be happening today
One must fight for a life of action, not reaction
I am so sry about ur loss and I will keep u and everyone in my prayers
And the winner of $150 driving is… (drum roll, please): ! Congrats & enjoy your #getoutandzip trip!
we need to plan a beach trip soon!!! Time to rally!
Performing at indie night tonight at 9pm at eGarage with But first I have a dentist appt. at 6:15pm. The excitement continues.
Well Hello Alex(:
Comida from next door smells so. Good I'm hungry
#NYG at #Packers, who does everyone like? This should help decide the #NFC playoff picture.
Writing preliminary functional requirements for a search interface to some DBs -- trying to balance between what I want & what is practical
time for another tattoo
I love love love love love the case you sent me!
of course its meek mill
you and cath need to hurry up. Me and T Woo are getting #joedunbarwasted without you.
throw a Verizon sticker over the logo...
Shout-out to our guys who played in the All-American Championship this weekend in NOLA. Tune into ESPNU now to watch the games.
How do you show up as a leader in your daily life? The reality is, your leadership shows up wherever you go...and I mean wherever!
#cowboys say bye bye to Jerry Jones, i'd say about time lol..!!
Both teams are very much in the tourney. GTown will get the better seed, but Cincy is the better team...Ironic I know.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I Don't like it when someone reads what I'm texting someone else is like no I don't read your messages you shouldn't read mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
There are 5 primaries on the #GOP side, and ALL of them are meaningless. We know Romney will win them all, but by how much?
that love the banners
A really good thrill ride! go watch
Happy Birthday Go #Green Go #White!!!
Screaming "FLAVOR FLAV" while dispensing your yogurt isn't required, but we certainly do encourage it.
The Golden Hurricane vs Southern Miss Tonight at 5:30, Let's GO Hurricane!!!!
Love it!
If I hadn't already read in his chart that Ned lived with a dog in his previous home, I'd know it now. He eats other cats' puke. Ew.
love seeing innovative moves, break habits; a K5 shifting away from letter grades; I had O, S & N when I was a tot
So #Thundercats comes back Fri. Reimagined. Watched a classic ep recently. Ouch. Does NOT hold up. Should I even bother w/ the new one?
Had a lovely visit today from Dr. Astrid Stuckelberger visiting from Switzerland.
There's some little corner of your life where you can make an improvement today. Take the opportunity to do so.(So true)
heh, I was just contemplating making it my personal avatar /cc
Come join us @ our New Venue La Stanza in South Philly for a great night of Networking
Nowhere nearby, otherwise I know some good spots!
. IS ON MY TV
are you a slut?
At work ready to get off...aghhhh
trying out some new backrounds here.....
We got the 7 we needed. Three and out please and thanks
Heading out to Buffalo and Broadway for the lunch shift. You hungry yet?
went to sleep on me:(
i better be included in this..
: Tweet your questions for Moshi Monsters CTO Toby Moore at Londata I tonight using
#boohoo toilet paper at warren is worse
I'm amazing at karaoke, I could take on ANYBODY.
oh no. Literally just missed you. Left this morning... Visiting Ian for the week. How long are you in NY for?
GRAND is the new WERID
Holy fuck, shut up.
ditto...can't believe it's only 7pm now!
Best craigslist car listing so far: "Check enigne light comes on but goes off sometimes" and "Bumper not attached BUT I HAVE IT"
lol RT Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.....smh
y'all should I shave my moustache before a meeting at the White House? like is this shit disrespectful
Texas! Woo!
RT Anger is a weakness in an insecure personality.
I'd add *If balances are significant* to what wrote. Is that 1k or 10k? Likely the latter but....
Loaded the truck yesterday with 2,200 children's #books for #LosAngeles clinics participating in - it felt good to share
I never think of the future. It comes soon enough. "Albert Einstein"
Busy day showing homes all over Portland and spending time with daughter.
Well if you ever need to stop off for a midway beer, the door is always open
2day in 1862 Gen. Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL & SC. Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
A big shout out to Justin Bieber for standing up for the many who live in silent pain.
Hella hot outside,
Working Non Stop #OnMyGrind to get tees out!! #Dope #fashion is rewarded to those of us who stay #Fresh on a daily basis
Not too many good ones this trip, but I'll pick a few of the better ones and send this week. Museums & Harbor Mkt next trip!
What if it's slow and buggy?
Well done! Perhaps you can teach us a thing or 2 about the master builder. We're open 11:30-3:30 everyday.
Yeah it sucks. You turn the page every six words. But I've been desperate!
Good luck to tonight. Wish I could be there but I know your gonna go in hard. Rep for watty
Just downloaded #minecraft thru #xboxlive let's see what the hype is all about this game... #fail or #epic we shall see????
Come on only 6 more people for me to get 100 followers help a brotha out people
we r always falling apart....neither one of us has a boring life with what were going thru...my FG wings aren't working so well
Someone text me the address to the coliseum
he makes me. How wanted and loved I feel because of him.
So I don't know how it happened, but I won teacher of the year...feels like I'm in the Twilight Zone or maybe Alfred Hitchcock presents.
If you're not down here enjoying mint juleps right now you're crazy! (or just have other plans)
This little white boy @ the dentist is staring @ me like he never saw a black person before. How precious...
that's what canadian girls do? Sims? ;p
TIA'S DAILY SPECIAL- $ 12.95 WEDNESDAY: FRIED COCONUT SHRIMP with french fries come in!!
BMW and Hyundai said to be in engine cost-sharing talks BMW and Hyundai are discussing a possible tie-up in engine development and other
Yeah, I liked you, but those feelings changed.
Merry Xmas! Listening to USC Annenberg student Brian Lauritzen's magnificent show on Handel's first Concerto.
Ready to present at #GRID2012 #UMD about Multilingual Use of Twitter
good idea... Am heading out to breakfast with an old friend and then to frolic in the woods! Enjoy your day!
Oh haha nice&& I miss you two!
-- and we got positive listener feedback on the new Esperanza Spalding cd already!
Family dinner and family champagne after party tomorrow!
returned my $59 dollar shoes to #nike and got a $75 gift card
LOVE! RT : RT : He who must engage in a constant series of vacations may have missed his vocation. :-)
sorry i left the chat my screen froze so i had to end it
How is it that I am ready for bed earlier on a friday than weekday nights?? Oh that's right exhaustion plus alcohol. Goodnight folks!! ;)
I miss you.
Tomorrow is a new day! Refocus, recharge, reload
I'm so glad Cher brought us together! She has done so much without even noticing. It's been great tweeting with you.
LOVE this!
Hey I have some kids who have lost parents and are in need of shoes so if you can help me get some 9-11.Thanks
I am in love with 's tweets :)<33
Are you living life like a rock-star?
I hope you have a fabulous time on your cruise!
High achievrs at "low per4ming" schls will have fewer options 4deeper study, at disadvantge when applying 4 college
Good night everyone :)
:) and ur posting reviews on today? Feeling the love!!!
I told you I was extra good at this shit. I'm about to put the game in a slipknot and strangle that mutherfucker
I don't know :| she's not tweeted for a full day!<U+2665><U+2665>
There's no crying in the mourning.
what's the dates of the album release party? I'll keep posting for ya!
Hahaha!! Keep bring that
#IWE2012...We are talking about action with !
#ThingsWeAllHate not getting your #BlacklightPartyOct22 and being able to go... (hint hint hint)
I bet Aladdin's Eatery does.
Wow, after years of functional languages, I keep forgetting "return" in Python. Why do I have to do this again?
yeah McDonald's and Jordan have hurt that game.
and I tutor the sweetest two boys for 's ReadUP program!
I cannot sleep on my fucking back I feel like I'll wake up in a coffin or some crazy shitt
Dear , thank you for your ExportPDF service. You have saved me countless hours of work re-typing text. Best $20 I've spent in a while.
your cats love shredding paper towels & TP too!!? LOL
They have nothing better to do then bully people. Get a life. Not at you at them!!
I would not last three minutes driving in Nyc <U+E153><U+E038><U+E037><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E15A><U+E11C>
Thankfully, the perfect mixture of chill and humidity has been achieved. Snow has come to Kansas City!
Lady Antebellum- "Love dont live here anymore" is perfect right now
she is so damn sexy!!!!
As we proceed to give you what you need Get live mother fuckers
I KNO yah'll ain't in da same house tweeting on some don't be a menace type ish!!! Lol
you're welcome. Only certain books can be loaned.
Its with that girl,, what's her name. Cymphonqe i think that's how you spelled it. I seen the previews.
It's curious how when girls say bye on the phone they elongate the "yyyyyyye". As a girl, I must, otherwise others think I'm upset w/ them.
Apparently you have to stir stir-fry. I'm new at this get off me.
I should apply at apple bees (:
If you were going to be stuck on a deserted island which 5 books movies people and foods would you take along?
honeymoon is over...back on tomorrow. 4 GOOD this time.
my Tuesday filled with rainbows and sunshine and yours?
RT : I'm missing wicked hotness! Happy New Year Sexy Ladies!!
And what is the verdict?
Not Fri, but there's def DC fun today! Look in sky btwn 10&11am & you may see space shuttle on back of 747. Tell us if you #SpotTheShuttle!
Honestly I Think Mona Is "A" . #PrettyLittleLiars .
Thanks Kyle, I want to do a post on the show as well in the very near future if you and DD are OK with it. I'll be in touch
RT : One of our managers is walking around in pick furry slippers. Another librarian chants, "Yay! Yay! Yay! Pink slippers!"...
Thank you Janet! I sure hope that your Friday is going well and that you'll have a very sexy weekend! :-)
Hey , when r u in Colleyville?
I want to be rebellious! I want to leave school !
ask for Phillip, he is the Stem Cell expert
why are u lying that's ur police car.. Wit buck shot coming out da tail pipe..
yesterday i found out on facebook my crush is now in a realtionship i mean i know i should be happy for him but im not
I did FOLLOW BACK “ follow hun”
I was the worst. I'm here to make y'all feel better. I also pierced my eyebrow.
Someone should start a bank like that.
Burnt Red Hair
Mac Miller is all I know of, and care to know of haha.
I really should. No joke.
Stew! How you been broski?! Long time no talk!
aye, i tweeted yewww from mah other account but follow?(:
According to sources in the Apple world...launch date 4 new Apple products including iPhone is 10-4. That's is all unofficial of course! LOL
Tweeting just for :D
Excited to be going to Beijing to represent SD w & We'll see how excited I am after 18 hrs of travel. Hui tou jian!
~:-( Obviously the "oh crap" forehead scrunch.
Happy 13th Birthday to the baby in the family, my little sister Adrianna Reneé Darden! #TheyGrowUpFast!
Safe travels, hope your #uxlx preso goes well.
#GeekTrivia question: In the League of Extraordinary Gentleman movie, who was the villain Tom Sawyer shot?
call me..
Thanks Richard!
Cause he's gone and never coming back...
you didn't miss anything :(
School. Late Start. BOOM SHAKALAKA.<3
If Bynum makes 2 free throws Blazers will be down 30 with over 9 minutes left in 2 Q .... WOW
The greatest risk in life,is not taking one at all..So what have you done to change your situation?
Ah! I have about 10 minutes to record today's Docjazz6 vid O_O
Hi Jodi! I was just saying we lost touch.:-) Look forward to meeting in person in June!
Another picture perfect day
ugh eatin alone? RT : On the to-do list for next 2 days...work, move my house, find a restaurant open in #baltimore on
See the TGA Program for kids or loved ones that are traveling any where in the World.
OT anyone?
There was a line at the mailbox today, people mailing red netflix envelopes.
lol, I live in Richmond
today is deffinatley razor blades
the line of support vs marketing is one we struggle & work with everyday. Great presentation!
RT : Fear less, hope more; Whine less, breathe more; Talk less, say more; Hate less, love more; Good things are yours. -Proverb
I been blushing <3
Dont eat that whole pizza. Girl thats dinner....
I'm not even sleepy .
Back catalog's back ALRIGHT!
Negotiating #Pinterest for the first time...
Proud and happy to see Dallas pick up an epic shut down corner in Morris Claiborne. Our defense is shaping up ever-so-nicely!!
I will never be able to spell Cosumnes without looking. And I can't say Tuolumne aloud. (At least I can spell it.)
I agree. Chocolate cake.
Umm... *shrugs* Up to you... *smirk mischievously, grabs and eats whats left of the oreo*
Great opening at Oneida conference center for the Green Bay Film Festival.
Good work, Eloy. Nice guy always. “: How about taking to the prom because she didn't have a date
If ever I travel with my significant other in coordinating outfits, my friends and family have full permission to disown me.
I felt special until i found out you talk to every girl like that.
"Man in Black: Do you always begin conversations this way?"
Will women ever stop slotting themselves into the characters of Sex and the City? Currently, someone is insisting I am Carrie...
Everybody hating on HE GOES HARD AF. don't hate him cause you ain't him.
how yall day been going?
Yay! Lots and lots of great stuff...
RT #PatriciaHeaton is against women's rights talking @ Ms.Fluke. Let's stand together as women! Me= [+as PEOPLE]
I'm trying to win tix so I can see it, but I am determined to make it into the top 5 before the contest ends so am optimistic
Fuckkkkkk Parent Connection!
This year has been one of the most interesting of my life thus far.
Egypt shows that risk is alive and well
Hey #snowboarders, wear your wristbands from the # GroundZero premiere & get #HappyHour all night! RT plz.
THANKS! looking forward to the link!
one year is all it takes! :P and YET!! He may suck the next few times, you never know!
welcome aboard Dafye, hope you enjoy my tweets, peace {^_^}
Baha great idea. I'll work on that! RT : Hilarious. Can you get him to start a "Toga! Toga!" chant?
Just cleaned up two full and unhappy inboxes...feeling so much lighter now!
have you turned into a republican?
But when it comes to writing it's a whole new critter. I've had to fix every ezine article I've ever ordered anywhere...
is there a fee if I transfer money from my reserve account to my spend account online?
happy mothers day Mama, hope you get spoiled rotten <3
What fun.
Looks like NC is going to prove its ignorance. You know what that means: State Shopping!!!
“: Women who are prone to migraines tend to have a higher sex drive than those who are not.”
congrats for being fast. hope to see another 88/2 1 2 finish this week with 88 winning this time
Cincy, in St Louis.
Ready for this grizz game!!
Ringo's left nut is the size of a grapefruit! WTF Toronto?
Enjoying an extra nite with (my Betsy)!
Some woman on the price is right guessed both prizes on the "clock game" in 4 seconds. WOW!
i voted so do i get a follow like everyone else does???? #TeamMindless #mbpopoff iloveyouguyswithallmyheart<3 followmeback!
Just got done hooping at la fitness
BAnd Practice, Going going GONE! See ya!
Its Twitter time!!!!! #NoWhammies!
If you got feet problems, I feel bad for you son, I got 99 problems but toe fungus ain't one.
Are my dates tax deductible now? NO, REALLY. ARE THEY?
Tired and a little bit fuzzy headed. Possibly coming down with something.
What nice neighborhoods put out their garbage on Thursday nights? I need stuff. Yes, I'm serious. I'm this broke.
Its on spike channel
On that bad meets evil flow
Hey Kenny. Just now seen your post. Good luck finding a stick man Dude!!!
Happy Halloween!! We should have a Pros and Cons treat for you very soon - within the next 2 weeks!!
Baked Tofu at #TheBeanNYC is pretty slammin'.
Regal Beloit Beats, Profit Improved
All the time.
what happened on saturday night
After today when I post RP2012! I won't need to clarify it by saying I'm not talking about Rick Perry.
woaaah i haven't been on in forever
Young guy opens to 1200 good player calls capt Tom makes it 6200 with 14k back opener jams all in. Capt Tom folds ak.
Haje, congrats in your book launch!
oh man, the things I get myself into sometimes lol
When did lighting cars on fire become a way 2 celebrate victory
RT shit my dude trying to get this money <> already!!!
HI Curt, glad you got hip to Blackout. Have you seen Harris live? He's a great performer/improviser
Excellent! Let me know if you have any questions.
Really have no clue what his value might be. Like most everyone else on the block, his contract makes a trade challenging.
gotcha. U can compare the 2 and see what works best 4 U. My friends in Luxembourg say the US site is less $, even w/ shipping
You'll remember high school for your whole life, why make it hard on yourself?
Markel: "Village A... rat heaven"
Like TLC Waterfalls, I can listen to that anyday
what time r u at the woods?
could not sleep at all and now I'm awake at 6am. on the bright side..after numerous cups of coffee I can get a lot done today!
My baby girl is kickin butt at Exeter! B U T T.
4 races in the books!! Our very own has now finished 1st, 2nd, 3rd, & 4th... Leads the season in points! Anyone in Iowa??
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.
Hey Tess! just checking in on the Global NeoSoul Diva Hope all is well with you and the Fam just watched your new Vid all I can say TakeOver
I'd do it if there was a toggle switch like Tumblr has for twitter.
Will You Follow Me??(:
Yes!!! I want to come too!
Did i ever tell you that my most beloved childhood stuffed animal that i carried everywhere was a boy lion named "Jenny."
I Cried When we worked it out.
1st day off in a long time. Aint answering the phone if it's work, ain't checking email, ain't doing jack. I'm sure they'll survive-barely
who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?
"Puts things in scale, doesn't it." yes, esp since I just finished a NASA grant proposal. No $ ? No space, just AC?
Just saw some drug dealers near my school. Listening to Taylor Swift and I feel like I'm walking in a movie.
oh intriguing! I didn't even know yogurt came in that flavor. On it. I also have a raspberry to try tomorrow morning
0040213364<U+200B>65-8000012 - they emailed me back and sd theyd resend, its just cutting it close. wanted them in the mail by today
you should! :D follow mine? :D
Yes! RT : mainstream media screwed the pooch on this 1
Titus Livius~ Men are slower to recognize blessings than misfortunes.
is that the first time you were bumped over a conflicting Lunch w/Mom appointment?
Just made deans list. No big deal.
Great question about one person shops hopping into participatory culture. suggests Flickr, History pin, etc.
Let's go my bulls!
CHI city is stupid crazy at - We need you here!
Everything looks great! I'm counting down the days. :)
RT : Do you know the word is for today? That's right - #FLYERS. Let's hear it people!!
“ Ima chaulk this one up as a lost im ready to go home fuck this final for tonight grade ain't gone change anyway” Lmaoo
$3 Spotted Cows at BarNone tonight! 1139 N Water
There were lots of proms over the weekend , which means there will be lots of babies 9 months from now.
Tonight is Ladies Night at Crackers! Ladies in FREE! Get your laugh on with in Broad Ripple, 317-255-4211
Wishing our member sissytt a HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope you have a wonderful day.
Ever tried replacing stock with Better Than Bouillon? One of our favorite products and offered in Organic and Vegetarian :)
Thanks Dave!!!
Thanks! We are super excited. Please join our fan page on FB. We update it regularly. Thanks again! Gotta love the 80's!
but hey, hooray for being in a city that supports a carless existence
amazing how cheap strip clubs r, there CD player broke, now I can't play CDs, I know they have the money to fix it.
Connect on your patio or porch, enjoy the new view - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
So who would like to show some love and see US (WSR/TUCSON) in the battle for ARIZONA'S FINEST!? Vote WSR for. Vans Warped Tour 2012
Looking forward to tonight's screening of Omega Point at Loyola, the new doc. on JK Toole which drew significantly from our JKT collection
I've bought from both and they are equally excellent. I have not bought MMs's small drams though.
If it does not go up by 12 are you still going to extend the promotion due to technical difficulties? Thanks for responding
So, didn't release the video or tell us their big news yesterday....
Im so bored
“: I think they're long horns or an old breed of Scottish cows,” no wonder I like them- my family is from Scotland!! :)
I'm really on fire with the topical tweets.
you're welcome
why didn't they have al gore on there? didn't he invent internet?
Thanks u 4 Hazel's prayers I felt the angels being dispatched&her healing taking place. God is good.
Tweeting about football players punching themselves in the helmet?
Come out and show your support and let's make it a family fun day!!!!
#duckface.....I don't get it?!?! What's with people trying to look stupid....on purpose!
For my texas followers im fore warning yall ima be on i-30 today lol
So excited to see the project being built next door to me! How exciting!
It is too bad that the adjective "whiggish" is not used more often.
lol today was crazy
You can be whatever you want when you grow up...except for what you actually want to be.
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend I would have dump him that second idiot
And, of course, you're invited to Beirut/Malta as well
and u know this man
I am a good person.
Ha, no worries man. I'll have to check that one out and see what all the fuss was about.
Hi Terrence, Thanks for the #FF mention! Susan
Happy Tuesday! Make it a great day!
What some look forward to the most about work is when supervisors are on vacation.
LA's fourth quarter defensive strategy: put 5 guys on Lawson and Afflalo.
That ride to the suburbs getting to ya? ;)
Trust me..this country is in much greater danger than worrying about if Adam can legally marry eve's uncle Tim.
starting marketing stuff for new company product line ... coming soon!
“: Did Bobby Brown introduce Whitney to drugs? Call in 760 967 8863” No, stop fishing let it go.
It's so cold in Edmonton! Reminds me of when I lived in the Windy City!
I called Oakes to pre-verify that tweet. He hung up on me.
Guys stop spamming Bailey, he's new to twitter and he might be confused on what is going on. The last thing he needs is a spam.
Let the applying of job applications begin! ^-^
The horror. The horror.
That was such a cheap shot by the DSA.
you're a pretty little flower, I'm a busy little bee.
#whosgonnalose - Rose Bowl (Update) - moved to tie vote
holla check out some of my music on my page if you get time
Back in ATL (my 2nd home) for Teen Wolf
I just tread the transcript of Jack Kerouac on the William F. Buckley show (w/ Lewis Yablonsky and Ed Sanders). Really depressing . . .
Don't Let Anyone Make You Feel Less Than Your Worth. :)
currently work in marketing / social media / events but am open different opportunities - glad to hear the market is good!
down the street to this Vietnamese restaurant that we eat at all the time
and I just wokeup. he and I haven't said a word to each other, but he favorited one of my tweets.
cant wait!!!
Those folks in 1912 were hip as hell then!
hahaha no way?!?!
Busbys right now.
I love this Hollywood weather...... No other city can compare
ha! cocoa! not muffins... apparently i'm forgetting my words also!
Team Don Jr. Obviously.
Most wrestlers are! RT haha so far these 'wrestlers' sound more like comic book characters than pro wrestlers.
I'm mystified that I still don't regret buying that Skipknot album all those years ago.
Glad you enjoyed the photo! We'd love to spend a week or two in ABQ - so much good stuff there!
Congrats to everyone graduating this weekend!
Geeze, what's up w/ people & entitlement? U have a pathetic mortgage app, but feel entitled 2 homeownership? It's not 2005 anymore Dorthy!
His mother called such people ignorant and superstitious, but his father only shook his head slowly and puffed his pipe and said
Thanks. Looking forward to it.
RT : All this fussing and fighting all for what? If we always making up in the AM.
i've been wanting sex and cuddles all week :(
I feel like starting trouble with Packers fans just to trash talk but I'm being Mr. Nice Bear today
Just got home from seeing a great little musical /play in the Larchmont area of L.A. Had a fun time with friends.
Was all over Noblesville & Fishers today - Gallery 116, Judge Stone House, HCAA Birdie Gallery, Asian Grill, etc. - with the Torch Queen.
Walmart + 6 Flags have been terrible. Hope you're not getting the porn followers too.That's been a real treat.
Good thing u didn't buy him a shot during the tourney. It would've ruined him MT : Congrats to Goldschlagger's on me!
Just Gt Up Slept Gud #AF Nw I'm Hungry Ready Ta Gt Out
chillin with my lilBrothers, they are bad af thou
"and so on and so forth" is actually a nice name for a Beatles song.
That entire list is depressing. When I see a kid named Madison, I think, "I'm sorry your parents are giant douches"
Up making that good musik
Was chatting with my friend about Israel and a guy nearby chimed in and said he's from Jerusalem.. Now I have a new conversation starter!
Is social media sharing the same as learning? Sometimes, not always? I think sharing deepens understanding + memory.
I meet the CC Tiger's hockey team in 2 days!!!!!!!
Ok we have our first 25 #ColtsDocsVIP entries. Thanks to everyone who sent photos. We'll announce our winners within the hour
never say never~
RT : All these guys are the same after prison they jump from girl to girl
Does GoToMeeting have a free option? I'm thinking you have to do with a screen sharing app.
Why did you desert us so entirely?, Melisa
"You're right about there being no wind. The blossoms are just comin' down by theirselves. Just their time to, I reckon." GETS ME EVERY TIME
My nigga dell fina throw down on da grill for da 1 time
tweet or text? I'm hunting for parking. Will be there as soon as I can.
Yea I Fucked Up But I Know It Won't Happen Again & I Can Promise You That!
I'm a business librarian and would be very interested in hearing about what works for your classes.
According to polls, besides jobs Marylanders care most about health when it comes to offshore wind.
Love it! Which color? Wouldn't you know my dear sister got me the sparkly red ones for Mother's Day? *swoon*
On the road to south beach. Looking forward to an authentic cultural experience.
Life is to short, so enjoy every second of it!
So totally just remembered I had a sex dream with my coworker last night. It's going to be awkward to see him today.
u said big meet and i said untill that lucky girl comes we will never know if its big not tryin to b a perv or nothin im js
wat i do
16 hit or stay ?
I once had an awkward moment, just to see what it felt like
i had a revelation about the world i live in, the goverment and its people think they have owner ship,
hey, you should give us a listen. we are new to vegas :]!
I have never, ever felt so beautiful and feminine.
Wishing everyone the best of holidays. Start your 2012 at the Winter indoor market every Saturday morning 9-12
Hey EveryBody How U Doin ????????
good luck pgcounty teams ..wise girls ..largo.. er boys..in states today!
Sterling Cooper Draper Pryce is the poor man's Sixty Seconds Street.
are you gonna come beat me up? hahaha.
If you ever see me dressed girly, Instagram it. It's my suicide note.
New student health center, acute medical services and health/wellness services will be available
It's true, no one ever payed attention to Tina.
Just saw a marrigage proposal on jerry springer
Some lucky lady is gonna get 24" tonight.
It looks deceptively nice outside. Sunshine is beautiful. However, it's only 50 degrees.
survived the party...back at home to a house full of presents. where will they all go?!?
Oysters in the house! Choptanks and Blue Points. Tis the season. Chilean Sauvignon Blanc pairs nicely.
Great show today!!!! Chris Webber show 98xm Sirus... Love it!!!
Meal worms are disgusting why must i go through these things
the term "grindin" refers 2 working. The act of "being on the grind" is saying I'm " " 2 "rise & grind" is "get up & work" ;)
Anything looks like ass and turtles to 16 year olds.
awesome, how old is he?
You have an amazing butt!!!!
Cooler temps for the weekend with rain rolling in this afternoon/tonight extending into Sunday. Highs in the mid 50's today
I peeled 2 pounds of Jerusalem artichokes tonight and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done!
Dex: Dogs vs. kids: puppies grow up into dogs, which rule. Kids grow up into horrible horrible ADULTS who listen to Coldplay. Dogs win again
did you see who made a brief cameo as conference attendee in Mlps for Carr lecture... Hint: not Doug
Please go to kickstarter and look at my book project please my twitter and Fb family I need ur support to get it publish
hurry up!!!!:) just at mcdonalds eating a smoothie! Lol
Teachers have been really moody lately.
Lol thanks ": I do RT : I don't think I like my twit pic"
on the voice>>> everything<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
happy birthday Nicolette!!!! Hope your day is amazing beautiful! <3 you deserve it #YOLO #yiiiiiii :D
just saw ad you are going to be at the tulalip casino north of seattle.. So cant wait to see your show!
agreed. He is one of the best in the biz.
you're all I ever wanted
really? it's today?? WOW.. Than Happy Teacher's Day to me :) (I'm studying at Faculty of teacher education, I'll be a teacher) ;D
What does Larry Sanders between tip and the start of the game that requires him to go to the locker room?
Good call. Also, have a good flight!
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are. Billy Graham
“: Happy hour anybody? Let's go” just an hour of happy? LOL
so we can talk...
I can do that 4 u. Just let me know when is your event?
what is wrong with these people? Candy AND ghostbusters? What's a librarian to do?
Nice! What's the time difference there?
Slept 3 hours last night... 1:50 a.m. flight to la Patagonia tonight...
My LoG ships in two days. Can't wait!!!
going to miss youu too! Love you
And then there was light. :)
Hey, I've been meaning to email you back! I'm just waiting for the new tees to come in!
crazy night at Tavern 99!! Thx to everyone who came to show support!!
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second
your making me wanna get a cat more and more
Need Som Ray Babies...
Forgot how fun it is to hang out at the pool. Thx for the motivation #museumsport!
Meeks just got abused by the 85 year old Allen
ok that's weird. But it beats an unripe banana and bag of pretzels?
wish that file permissions were really persimmons
RT : Early Bird deadline for saving $$ off of the registration fee is tomorrow. Seats are filling up.
who puts that tablet out? Would you recommend it?
Showing a location scout around right now. Will we be HBO bound? ;)
You're never alone when you're with another person.
LAKEWOOD AS IN DALLAS?
RT : Who should make up the next board at #madisonsmc? Get to know the candidates at Wandos 6-8 pm #meet&greet....
Samba - Little Brazil at the Ramp San Francisco Fri, November 5, 5:30pm
Remember when I brought you my bullets and you brought me your love? Fantastic. Now all you do is sing and it's quite disappointing.
I hear you... I get in a funk when I don't have the SUN!
5 novels & 25 feature films coming soon.....
not really a breakfast person
Damn Tonight <<<<
Wake up like a BOSS
“If you judge people, you have no time to love them.” <U+2015> Mother Teresa
#YouKnowYoureARunnerWhen Your wash is full of more running attire than "normal people clothes".
It's cheaper 2 stay w/ ya baby mama than pay child support
thank you so much! And for the great reco with jewelry!
Glad to see you're back in business!
Freddy Mercury never ceases to amaze me.
its your employer who is beating the 2 stories to DEATH.... Let's talk a little baseball ESPN. Whatcha think QB KILLA?
Powering through and seeking my creativity before I call it a night
Is HDR processing a grotesque abomination or just another tool for the photographer? Personally, I consider it the former.
On my way to The Big Catch come drink with me ...<3
I've always wanted an aquarium in my room
Yay I finally got my dream catcher belly ring :')
We love to see you check in! Come back soon!
I refuse to teach Musiq Soulchild how to love.
spent the day listening to amazing survival stories from victims of violent crime....inspiring
I've been gone from Twitter too long!! I miss you!
we got 3. Normally get 3 of whole for our girls & 1 of skim for us...roughly do that 2x a week ish. Lol. We love milk!
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self.
Whos line is it anyway and catching up with > sleeping
I really dont even give a shit at this point
josh I fucking love and miss yo ass!
It's not hard to move on. It's just hard to leave behind what you're not supposed to bring along.
im so happy they are back on twitter again!! :)
do I know this person?(:
Im in a good mood ^^
#replacerihannasongswithCAKE "go on and CAKE a bow"
Having a party for the #holidays ? Still looking for a caterer? LiLLiES provides excellent full svc offsite #catering ! Msg us for details!
definitely first class at that event! I would just peasant it up. LOL!
"Defense Wins Championships" by Brian Bosworth RT : "Explanations of my FaceBook posts" by Tim Thomas
the things I would do to u baby ugh I want to show u how much I love u right now. Meow! Xo
WHEN IS OUR PROJECT DUE?!
I can officially say that I am done with my senior year spring semester! Too bad I have one more. Summer here I come!
{ you crazy thats to funny}
Dear creeper chick at Starbuck's: I don't want to have awkward eye contact with you... so stop it.
RT Wanted: US Proven Top-Gun Salespeople $3500 Commission Per Sale - Call Me for Details 1 888 901 8558
Google Calendar just sent me a reminder that FetFest is this weekend. As if even my ADHD ass could forget that :-)
2nd period have killed the Hawks this yr. Hopefully 3rd is theirs GO HAWKS!
Have you tried clearing cache? A corrupted CSS can cause buttons to vanish; maybe this too?
Boyfriend by justin bieber <3 - world premier video lol
Good point. Didn't realize that. Even more reason to end it quickly.
Same to you homie!!
At 2pm & recorded just last night at , the Pavel Haas Quartet with a program of Tchaikovsky, Shostakovich & Smetana.
thank you! Puttin god first!
isnt it a little past your bed time?
Fell asleep still fully dressed abt 7pm. Didn't wake up till my alarm went off for work at 7am.
"Do or Do Not. There is no try." Yoda.
Boo. I accidentally threw away my list of story ideas for next semester!!
who? Like mom? Lol
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Chernobyl Barbie ...glows in the dark
Just saw my bro off on his prom..lol fam a fool
Lombardi once said, “If you can accept losing, you can't win.” That’s why my #Packers are undefeated! Keep it up,
My heart just melted a little. Perfect tone, perfect mood, perfect moment, perfect vision.
Just bought a magnolia tree . . . I'm very excited to have its messy flowers blown into my gutters.
Oh sure Lauren...big show off, flaunting those 8 Washingtons!
Applying for a position with the UCLA library to help archive some documents by Los Angeles-based music critics and composers
Heat look insane... Who is going to beat them?
A week from now, we will be just hours away from our biggest show yet—opening for The English Beat at ! Where will you be?
Losing badly at Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon tonight...
the fast brown fox hopped under the lazy dog.
I got #OKC winning
Be thankful for the little things that you have!!
the #NavyYard// NJ AVE metro escalator is constantly squeaking. Any clue when it might be fixed?
I don't always get evacuated from my dorm at 4am, but when I do, I feel amazing the next day
9-year old walks around the house picking out "Where Is My Mind?" on guitar, because of "Rocksmith". What? No, just got something in my eye.
is doing stunning things on the Red Carpet!
Not dancing...I miss it though. Mine was NOTHING compared to your Titanic piece....where your sister was the boat...
Smoking cigs with your window down makes you a target for pan handlers.
Our anniversary event; 5/12/12; "Welcome to the Jungle" More details coming soon.......:)
Even though he did the intro he didn't do Bud's ending choosing a cutsie one instead. 5 yard penalty.
Why is it most animals I encounter in my life are more trustworthy than humans .
Does anybody actually tip $1 for a $2 can of beer?
#earthquake long and slow roller--usgs doesn't have it yet. Hope everyone's okay.
Thats what we like to hear. Must feel great to have that window back. ha. RT thanks for your help, got it fixed!
Did you do another one?
CO Senate Approps Comm has just voted unanimously to kill HB1069, the proposed back-to-school sales tax holiday.
Paris tomorrow, also gladly going home earlier than expected, I'm home-sick
Awww. You're right. I left our your handle AND an authoritative, scribbled signature. I failed! I failed!
you know the person I'd love to choke though...
Yay! RT : "Freckles are just chocolate chips on people." -
I think the girls have learned that "daddy" is spelled "sucker".
This is tru. haha nice pub DoU! Hope all is well pers
...quotation from #HALFtheSKY by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn
Hi Adam. You can add Applecare regardless of where your iPhone was purchased, as long as it is added within the first year.
Dancing Elaine.
Don't forget to check out our side projects!
#FF Yeah-Follow Friends! Have a great FRI!
Awwwh); haha I think it's so much fun!!(:
THANK YOU JESUS
good morning thank you for sharing those word about love from one of my favorite chapters in the Bible
Dubstep that makes my heart GO BOOM!
Hawaii Kai. and awesome! another Hawaii ICONiac!!!
hit me up
..A 14 year old girl broke into Josh Hutcherson's house and tried to cut of his leg because Peeta loses his leg..what?
envious about Mehldau. Hope he throws in a Radiohead or Hendrix cover for you
A little late, I know, but I'm into Florence and the Machine. A lot. Courtesy of
I realized, alot of restaurants: Say, "No shirt, no shoes, no service" but they never said anything about, PANTS!?!
This is all just set-up for a torrid summer full of winning.
Take no prisoners bud and rough up poor Ryan again! >:) LOL. Good luck Dustin.
The little kid in Weeds is the voice of Nemo and his grandpa on his fathers is Marlin in finding nemo. I thought that was cool.
lol it sure looks like it. What do you think about the potential spurs/thunder match up?
spill details about new job?
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie.
great show Elaine
im just going to be performing. Saturday night got some big show at the improv. how u?
Thanks for the #libmade RTs, ! What a great conversation yesterday.
yeah sad, theres talk about keeping gordon and trading Minnesota's first round pick instead...
Wow I can't type. Urban Outfitters has a 5 dollar sale going on for their website only. Fucking bomb !
Meet Jack Black
"Dreams come true for those who work while they dream."
What does Jessica Alba have to do with Angel ?
Spent hours making Christmas cookies so my brother can eat then as fast as he can.
Thanks for the shout out, we appreciate it!
shut up lol
Maria Pallante is clearly signaling that orphan works legislation is a priority of the Copyright Office.
Nichols: $ from cap & trade has to be used for reducing CO2 emissions. Broad spectrum but would not reopen parks or add more teachers.
you may want to call the 11th Street Station and asked for Homer at 512-391-2331. Thanks.
JB is not that you give us your real phone number
"Sprinkle of Greatness" the mixtape featuring Tex! Coming in Feb! Free Tex! Meanwhile, search us on Rhapsody! Tex and Rook
500 like the 500 club? I like that place lol, but on friday Im getting my wisdom teeth removed! So idk how much recovery time is
thank you ... that was kind of you
Thank you Belle :) Here's my best wish that you will have a wonderful Friday! Mwah!
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it. - Ferris Bueller's Day Off
Another lovely dinner 's. Introverted me loves smaller gatherings that end early on work nights.
thanks for the suggestion I'll add it to my lost of things to look at.
Yay, is loading demo of the super awesome shelf life! It addresses both shelf browsing and social profiles.
Hmm if I'm a girl what do I pick.. The nice guy with a bright future, or the bad ass douche that's going nowhere? It always ends the same
Working out at the gym with and... Doc Emmett Brown!?
Great to visit with Muni- Man, joe Deane
Catering to the less fortunate has plum tuckered me out.
Preciate that bro, I been seein ya hustle too! keep doin it! You know if you need me for a feature just hit me
It's Teen Time! Teens in Middle or High School are welcome to join us tomorrow @ 3 @ Paseo Verde Lib for a movie, games or just to hang out!
welcome to the life of us mere mortals Luke! Bet you wish you had a lighter bag!
I could not be any happier about this weather report.
and play tomorrow night at at 10pm. If u care about ur children, then youll be there. We have comps!!
Looking forward to viewing two beta sites today ...
hahaa. im in this picture.
EJ manuel, sir, you are fun to watch
#Thanks to all of our followers. Nearly 200 of you on less than a week. We're gaining support quickly and #loving it.
It's not only you michael...but that would be nice if we could get some of that rain here in SD. It has been very dry.How u've been?
But what KIND of wine? :)
I was wondering... What program(s) do you use to produce your shows?
Perhaps you're listening to too much The Edge?
Finally.. tomorrow it's FRIDAY!
That was the best concert EVER!
Speaking of which... I need some for the weekend!
Nothing says Sunday better than IKEA
“You have to create your own world whatever way you can. life can be really hard, you have to fight your own battles, but you'll find help”
well rocks my socks! And I tweet my posts from too
#imagine Austin:whats her name cause im overly attracted and terribly convinced tht she could be mine forever Alex:*yourname* tht it -anna
im gonna send you the link
Power outage in my neighborhood...cmon pg&e!?
u forgot the # tag
just enjoy today
12-Page Paper....DONE! Thank you and coffee for getting me through.
RT : #D'Backs fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#D'Backs #Rockies)
. Campari is in my heart. My grand dad drank all the time. But Luxardo is damn good.
everybody has something to shout about just let go before it brings you down - :) great song! Give it a listen!!!
It's the last day of our April Build Week! Check our FB page this afternoon for the final pics of what we've accomplished this week!
FOLLOW BACK :) AND DO ME FAVOR TELL PPL CHECK MY MUSIC
SAD!!!! Don't talk about my kitteh boyfriend that way :(
: If only God can Judge you, how you plan to beat the case?
Record high temps in Chicago with record low voter turnout on election day. Can we say give us better candidates to chose from!!
RT : Gov Perry considering firing UT Prez Bill Powers b/c he opposes tuition freeze? Powers is 10x the leader Perry will ever be.
That's pretty close, haha. And yup, I can't think of the last time we hung out, we kinda did at Warped, but not really.
I'll do mine later. In 30th now
I think my heads about to explode
Donate your old towels to a local animal shelter,clear room in the house & give a furry friend a soft place to rest
What would be a good onigiri stuffing? I'm committee to making fancy lunches this week
RT : Absurdism is next is Concerning by DJ Clark
what are you wearing tomorrow?
Here before the library even opens
LeClairRyan hosts session 03/20: How to Draft & Negotiate Better Licensing Agreements: A Program for Life Science Counsel...
“: Ok haters. Cats out of the bag. I'm here for the sox 100th anniversary. Glad to be back and at fenway” shoot me in the face
Eating kettle corn (: i hope you're jealous.
I'm doing pretty good, how bout you?
The little kid in the background looks stunned. Nice jump.
Can't Wait To See #Thewomeninblack Tomorrow!!:D
I know, right? I'm thinking a sequel?
A common sign of vision loss is squinting or tilting your head to see clearly.
Thanks for the RT!
Calm down you conceited bitch.
its just not the same as down south Sweet Tea
Ill crank yours...watch!
Love the Bow on the back of red dress!
WHO's going to SecureWork in San Francisco (Feb 27 – March 2)?!
please please please follow me ? :)
RT : Big summer gona be fun // YES Indeed it will be! Can't wait.
I love you iCarly "We're Proud Of iCarly"
Dancing with my Demons wouldn't be sold out 2nite without the guidance of my amazing director and acting coach
ahh. This is the one I was looking for.
BOUT TO GET ON THIS FULL TILT POKER MY GIRL GOT HELLA GOOD AT IT APRIL 10 LIVE AT REPTILES HOOLIGAN BOYZ MAYNE OFF THE CHAIN SHIT IM READY
Im so tired i don't even know what today is
Real Simple mag listed PDX as the 2nd most time-efficient city in the country. 2nd only to Seattle, must be all that coffee up there!
Phillip Phillips <3 omg
I saw him perform with The Chimeras after he was out of The Gin Blossoms. Sad story.
remember that hoodie allen dude i showed you?
Snow hold off for another month!
I feel like giving away season passes this week. Want the upper hand on winning them? Check out
Hello to all at the #edmeet chat!
This is crazy !
nice to meet you:)
Peace g.
Old Navy is having a sale, I got the cutest sweaters for $15! Run don't walk
we better not get bailed on tomorrow!! I will not be a happy person.
Good morning tweeter with inspiration!
I'm not saying Metta World Peace shouldn't get some games, but I'm curious to hear what McHale, Parish, Laimbeer and Mahorn think.
Who was the first one to realize Joey Fatone, who was the fat one in N'Sync, had a last name that literally said "fat one"? #toosoon?
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
hahahahaha well i dont hate you at all i like other but mostly madison lols
i'd miss talking to u too <3
Softball later
Some old guy in the café at Barnes & Noble just drew me and he left before I could ask to see it. THE MYSTERY IS KILLING ME.
Understood. Thanks for sending the email. I will take a look at it today and see what I can figure out.
not if you have to spend some now for some promised savings that'll come later (aka buy x from me and save y$ in z years)
thanks for the shout out!
money scared of 1 loss. Wow
Sorry I missed this tweet!
School in a bit :)
If you think I'm mugging you I'm probably not... that's just my default look on my face.
hey my Sleezy!
I hate giving #foxnews a rating boost with these gop debates.
Basketball practice tomorrow morning for a little bit then going to head out to the beach for couple hours with bro !
I know. Sometimes it's annoying that there are a lot of Beliebers :P haha but awh, i'm sorry you couldn't see him and have
green, red, blue, white, purple...just keep that smile
except for minor heart explosion
When wants your phone...you end up with half your pictures being her
GIVE ME YOUR ATTENTION
#transportationchoices "Transportation policy IS health policy"
Currently interested in a bottle of whiskey.
I just woke up, but hopefully (2 hours later) I'm not too late =/ it's Jayson
and Rachel, you girls are my life and I love you with my entire heart. You are the best<3333333333
Of the 60ish hrs I've been in New Orleans I spent less than 10 sleeping
Anything listed online we have those quantities in stock. So you tell us and we can work it out!
lol I was just wondering if I should post a few of u LMAO
The Avengers! c:
It's tricky
Like the Darth Vader warning. Thanks for sharing. Already made my day.
Fromangs is the easiest and most boring class ever
Grouplove-colours is a great song
Guess I won't have to Apologize anymore.
Our benefactor Michele bid on you in the auction and won! She will connect with you very soon. Henry
That Romulan stuff should be illegal. Know what I'm saying ?
I should've known something was up when he said his name was Josiah. Who the fuck is called Josiah?
Get FREE medium drink if U mention #Twitter w/any breakfast or lunch purchase!
11:11 by Austin Mahone is a really good song (but that's just my opinion)
Q&A time or discussions from 3:30 - 6:00 today as well....
thanks sister
Whitney Houston rest in peace ..the greatest female vocalist of all time!
YAYYYYYY!!! So exciting!! And so close to graduating!!
It's not all about waiting until the storm passes, it's about learning to dance in the midst of it ...
The Hack4Reno mixer is tonight at 7pm at , hope to see the teams there! If you're still looking for a team, come create one!
I would love WR, but then who is going to stop the Pats TE's? Run block? Pass Block? You trust Hairston?
Hey KC ... Let's go party. #OurTime (at least for the night)
Hey is coming this sunday from 4-6pm to DCcodeathon to see our exciting new demos... are you?
Ice cream <33
“: Steve jobs passed away-sad day ”> that really suck!!!
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
hey congrats on the cover....again
Carey mulligans musical interlude made me question everything and I mean EVERYTHHBG
My son is eating a jalapeño-cheese bagel topped with Nutella.
I like you xoxo *adds to fierce list*
AP Computer Science. FUN
Oh, you're good! RT : Boiling the ocean
Come into #sandwichmeinchicago for a delicious lunch alternative in
it's all about pittsburgh music if you disagree SHOOT YASELF
Here's to the Mahomies who've had Say Somethin' stuck in their head all day.
Ugh, so disappointed. :(
i don't want to go to Las Vegas on Valentines Day.
finishing up these charts for the show Monday!
I think he is creepy. Like Axe Murderer creepy.
No prob! Take your time. I wont be launching any new content until the beginning of January.
hahaha and it seems like the obly ones for a long time that why i got the old shows on my phone already so i can watch them there
There have been so many great lifeguards over the years at !
Utterly telling that the main industry pushing for the Pirate Bay ban in the UK is the British Phonographic Industry.
one-Q-eight-four maybe?
how can we help u this weekend?
not ready for this game at all ... lets hope everything goes good.
and I'm looking forward to your tweets as well. Life is wonderful.
cause I love food yo lol
Do you like Lance Long to make an impact tomorrow?
RT : Thank god for getting all these bananas. W/o them I'd be forced to eat non-gorilla kosher.
omgg vinny u should try fried oreos. Just saying. Its amazing:)
Wonderful candidates forum tonight! Thanks so much to everyone that attended.
Such an incredible idea and execution.
aww how cute(:
thanks for the good words,BTW now
I just gave catnip to Porkchop for the first time. Turns out catnip is the kitty equivalent of crack.
Goal USA!!
Doing anything good for #StPatricksDay? Take a road trip somewhere local and celebrate!
Dnt need nobody but my crew
some of jazz greats will be performing at the ...i'll be there...
We've had Kauai weather here in Ca over the weekend!!! Feels like Tradewinds and all...
ATTENTION LEADERS! MOST times people leave BAD managers, NOT bad organizations!
Hey, thanks for the #FF! I trust NYC is treating you well?
"Threat" can apply to the more traditional thinking organization or individuals.
hey did I let you borrow my calculator
#ShoutOut rights back at you !!!
Thanks for RT Come by to pick up your Friends & Family Form ; ) and register for May 24th's Grand opening with the #NCCChamber!
can't wait to visit Texas - can I come?
good luck Todd see ya when u come to Mill town
Vibe'n to my old show music from back when I was 18, Damn that shit was live . . Wit the bro
life, love and the reason for all things
Blessed behind Measure. I am so Blessed. Thank You Lord for all you have done for me and mines.
why did espn hold the syracuse sex tape for eight yrs. They persecuted paterno and are giving the same answers he gave.
Email contact For Specyphi
RT : BrdsNBz text program from NC has ability to do service on national level for orgs who pay licensing fee & avoid start...
yes it's true I walked out of target last night I'm over that place
Every time I hear Provost Lerman speak, I'm struck by how eloquent a speaker he is - and how visionary. Lots of great ideas!
My in-laws should be thrilled with the Pistons pick.
you are both idiots.....
follow me for a shoutout i follow back :)
That walk of shame when you fail at throwing a ball of paper into the trash bin...
I'm so sad right now. California's economy is in the shitter. Sign of things to come.
thats fine with me lets make plans
thanks for great tweets #NLTI event on social media
I WANT ICECREAM!!!!!<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600> I wish it was sunny
DEREK IS GOING ROGUE
you and sleep don't seem to get along
yes I'm sitting down with a pink dress on.
I just finished Robert Littell's The Company. Published 10 yes ago, but his introduction of Putin feels eerily prescient.
Just get your ass back home<U+2665>
drizzy drake killed it on fuse tv
Glad I got to see friends from FAMU today... Made my day
That's funny! Ha! I hope it's not a virus!
why do people not open doors for others?
how old are you??*
It's great to connect with you again! Hope all is well. :)
I need a beer.
Can't wait for that! Retreat maybe? ;)
Thanks Ken! And a #FF to you as well:)
Happy 1 year AMLI Anniversary Joe!!
email us at ! Thanks!!
#nw romeo must die
Hey ! Why can't I support your cause without giving you total access to my #Twitter account?
Kid ink >>
Employment Rage. A must read for all engaged in the world of work.” Kenny Moore. Read it, get enraged, and get working!” Alf Rehn
as soon as I can get a day off during the week it will be soon I can tell you that
"As one person , I cannot change the world, but I can change the world of one person."~Paul Shane Spear
Good morning everyone on this Mother's Day weekend. How are you celebrating?
Let entrepreneur mentor show you 57+ effective income streams for your biz in her NEW course. SAVE $50 'til midnight:...
I don't even know what the administration's current slate of proposals to improve economic performance in the short run is right now.
HEY THANKS!
many people have called me very bad names because my Twitter account is i only got it becuz they didn't want it!
started at 6 stopped at 7. I got bored and had better things to do :o
2 tires are the way to go today
I'm the only black guy in the class but i'm sure I blend in very well lol.
Think I just hurt my back dog-piling on in bed. Womp.
Greatness! RT : My arms smell like whats going on here?
we are placing our first order with ya'll excited to see the product at
Nice chest pic! lol Cheeks would have been a better pick tho!
Having LOTS of trouble with Keep flagging HITS as violating their TOS when they dont. Auto replies is only response???
- We want a debate Mr. Gray. We are more than a website...signed so-called "Fans" or Fenty.
very inspiring. adding PCT to my bucket list. Hope I won't need the personal trauma to get me to go - no offense! :-)
Try a 5-to-10 second isometric hold at the peak contraction point of each exercise rep. It will leave you feeling like dy-no-mite!
business plans?! Nope dont believe it
Somebody cutting grass in the rain. Stupid
people chill all night at a club but wont wake up to go to church. you coulda been raped or shot. you ignore the one who watched over you!
“: favorite person of the day?! This is sure a compliment I will remember as long as I can!#loveyou” we love U
Good morning Thanks for following! Welcome to Twitter!
Would u come to my Birthday party if i invited you? (;
Coming soon...put your seatbelt on...
i blame my father who was like OCD about being clean. Hed have a stroke if he ever visited us.
One of the simplest ways to train a dog is by using something he wants – like a treat or a toy
#CNN is reporting former NFL Linebacker Junior Seau dead at age 43.
meatballs prepared with love.
your very beautiful(::::
Maybe they're trying to hack your phone. :-(
Happy Thursday! Just posted several new paintings and a few will pop up on our kids calendar soon!
Also, I think those people are clinically insane. They're so far gone I feel I'm doing them a true
Umm kinda hurt but i will get through it……i hope?!
I met Robert Davi yesterday, he's so freaking nice!! Loved him Goonies, Die Hard, The Profiler!! Great guy and actor!!
ewww, skid marks can stay home...puhleeze!!
The Old Testament as we have it seems to be an Iron Age document. Of course it is far from being one document. It is a library.
When eating try to take 20 minutes to finish. It takes 20 min. to signal your brain that you are full, & is better for your digestion too.
but I'm on voxer haha(:
Whoohoo loving Mondays & seeing all these new followers! Thank you
If you're a foodie.. you should be signed up for ! That's just part of your 'foodie' responsibilities..
My prof is talking to us about cooking and eating dirt.
--should obey one who is unarmed, or that an unarmed man should remain safe and secure when his servants are armed. Machiavelli
night mi amor. love you :-* :D
So did Joe Pa...
Today, the average person in the United States drinks 9 fewer gallons of #milk on an annual basis than he or she did in the early 1970s.
AJ Hawk was resigned...they cut him for business reasons and JS says he is signing 5 year contract
you deserve our love you work so hard.WE LOVE YOU J!!
Here's to stay hydrated & safe personal best time & a tan 90degree day.
some1 yelld 'annie' (I think they meant jonatha brooke's song) and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic.
Freedom is not free! We have to remember those men and women sacrificing their lives for us!
Tue workshoped w/Rich Delia Barden/Schnee Cast., called to intern/be reader next Friday! Wed workshoped w/Paul Ruddy, partner Fern Champion.
You are going to the Onward Summit? That's great! I'll see you there!
Damn, cant believe dat fuckin lost, (damn, now I'm bout 2 lose bout 25 bucks) days fucked up (I had faith in dat team)
U.S.A, the state of missouri:)
Thanks for coming last night! Get any good photos?
did it look ok in the mirror?
Our oldest had his first Tball practice today and Dad coached.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I'm listn 2 a Smiths CD that I rented from the library... Now, I'm going to download all of their songs in mp3s (again)...
Which website are you on?
James Harden in a Rockets uniform. So nice.
Roopa's great. Not sure who else is going.This will be the first time in 3 years I won't be at NAGAP.
Christian, your wife's name is Sandra. And she's ticklish.
Dark Avengers... Disappointed :-/
shooting single ladies?
Yup.its only right to do so. I'm listening to your project now. Ultra dope
The longer I look at that picture, the less I know what it's supposed to be.
you won your league? Congrats! Buy your wife something nice. ;)
": I want some starbucks ."
Fandom propells collaboration- informal learning in games like theorycraft in WoW. Mechanics of peeragogy? re
No disrespect man; just pointing out how the government deals with movements that affect corporate interests; take out the leader.
Woo, good thing I checked that paper order - wrong envelopes were sent!
Ok im bored so texting spree!!!! (267) 553-2010
A good day for some #hot yoga
I hate the winter
Ugh this lack of appetite :(
because I hate you-_- and we are getting foreclosed because I hate you
I don't hardly tweet as much as I used to.
My mother attacks me for food hahaha oh being home
Okay so if your gonna say your in a bad mood and crying but you won't tell me why?? Then dont even freaking tell me. Sweet Baby Jesus.
I should probably go to bed soon. *3 hours later* i should probably go to bed soon. *1 hour later* Crrraaappppp.
Sorry, I just can't get over it.
Congrats to Angie McLarty! Winner of our Mother Knows Best Contest & a $100 Eat Out In Gift Certificate! Thanks to all who entered!
NEJM Research shows that #single-payer healthcare could save about $380,000,000,000 now wasted ANNUALLY on insurers' overhead and paperwork.
Constructive thoughts reflect inner goodness aligned w/ angelic energy Constructive thoughts have color, shape and brilliance
that video was great but also made me realize how much I miss and will miss watching them play... dayum
working on some new music an moves for tha summer
It's amazing how quickly gay rights have advanced in the us. Less than 20 years ago fight still over accepting glbt as valid persons...
and I can't go one conversation without talking about :)
Continue to "Fight the Good Fight" my prayers and condolences to you and your family. Thx 4 all you do.
#TastemakerKS Just make great music! Period! You can transcend any category of music! Good music touches everyone, dont get it twisted!
Islam = one only way tuu ALLAH[GOD]
You want to fuck so badly? Then go fuck yourself.
Working on a new menu for the restaurant
League of Women Voters debate today live on Metro Cable 14 at 2:00
yeah i just didnt have celery, the apples are what make it taste good obvi lol
"Post twitter stress disorder" ~
hm, I was strangely disappointed to find them.
I wish I could be the Bonnie to ur Clyde
Nothing like pointing people to your post about Bullying affecting your family including your daughter to lose a crowd!!!
Yes RT : First hammock nap of the season complete. Bring on the summer.
I'm so comfy I don't want to move... but I have to... ugh
re: being removed from a friend's contact list...if U are the remover or new phone friend. Let the 1 texting u know u lost ur phone
RT : Bosh got in the doggystyle position after that dunk to celebrate. Then Bron slapped him on the ass while in said position smh
your mean:/
Have questions about #EFL, #TESOL, #TEFL? That's what we're here for! Just use #bridgeteflchat to send them in.
Of all the men I ever met, [Lincoln] seemed to possess more of the elements of greatness, combined wiht goodness, than any other. WT Sherman
God gave us real eyes to realize real lies.
im going to cuddle you so hard
I think perhaps our spiritual center is most evident not at church but away when we are kind and we accept the shortcomings of others. Jim
If people don't like the song turn to to you...they have issues -.-
Love it!! Our Neckerman summer volleyball team is called the Neckerman Bunch! How did you make this pic??
Looking forward to hear more about how to use LinkedIn to pay it forward at CEONetweavers this morning.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.
my mom swears you care about my room being messy
Sometimes you have to make a mess to clean a mess.
End of Month special on Jigsaw contacts. Hit us up for great deals on contact credits.
Chillin. Join me.
and was finished with my food anyway, but if they said what I wanted the to say, and u could obviously know what I mean-
Thank you Mr ;)
I can't believe I passed my history semester exam, bueno bueno bueno.
interior design tattoo? What, like I've got floor plans & paint colors on me?
#liber2011 “Blind man and the elephant” metaphor for current understanding of digital preservation planning and implementation.
Here we go Brewers here we go! WTB Rickey Weeks
Craving that good good! Pun intended!
RT : I changed all my passwords to "incorrect". So whenever I forget, it will tell me "Your password is incorrect."
Just finished Teddy Bear Tea at the Ritz. Now waiting for Kringle's Inventionasium. Fell in the parking garage. Raise your hand if surprised
¡Angelus Orbicularium Spiritus! Sacred book of #angels or high #technology?
Planning a 4th grade author study. Suggestions? Bonus points for awesome links! #authorstudy Gantos? McCarthy? Candace Fleming?
Prayers for so il. Family and friends there...awful tornado 2 days ago. Some people died/injured. Keep fam and friends in prayers.
But I'm being good! LOL
Schedule making for
My band will be playing a live show tonight! I'm hoping to make some good connections.
Ray Wylie Hubbard doing Eliza Gilkyson's "Beauty Way." "Wish I was lying like a cat in the sun/'Stead of working like a dog for the cash"
I got this bitch on my dick.
we are from Conifer. Colorado...what part is GE from? Mtns or plains?
- one of many :) much as i love cheese (and i really do) a Scottish accent is also a delight....dare i throw in Gerad Butler?
I've got one word: snacks.
didn't u take it in high school
#10FactsAboutMe 8) I love dancing w/ ladies that know how to dance or can follow.If you have no rhythm, I'll make up an excuse not to dance.
Don't forget! Confirmation deposits for Summer 2012 programs are due Wednesday, January 18!
Hope we've shown how important your feedback is. We look forward to your next visit! Please let us know how it is!
really, let me get the hook up! :)
Even Freaks Need Love Too....
being super lazy u
i dont really know what a "lana del rey" is and i think that is a very good thing.
thank you so much for helping me! you're so sweet! thank you =))
Don't spit on your options if you don't like the ways things are right now. Excessive yes-buts can do you damage.
They don't believe they are cooler than me. Related, I wear ties.
How does twitter? Sometimes when I open the twitter app, I start at the top of everyone's tweets, other times I start 25+ tweets down
Good morning!
Numbers din't matter. What matters is engagement -
Thanks! I switched from dairy to soy, from red meat to fish, cut out processed grain, upped the yoga & added step/weights!
oh, that looks great. Thank you! Am absolutely going back for another visit and will help to get better sense of its history.
It didn't start yet did it?
What....u don't have a good pair of thermals?
** People are strange when you're a stranger **
Did you know u can tether computer to cellphone for internet access? Your kids know how, can defeat filters at home/school.
Maybe I'm exaggerating but I am parading around in not much and he hasn't noticed.
That's their view- Too many "other"s procreatg; white popltn falling behind- time for white women to make more real Americans
yea, we all have are own opinions and i have no problem with that, but i know what i see.
and happy mom day to your mom.
Justin Bieber & Jaden Smith Release New Track for New Year (LISTEN) Justin Bieber is still going hard in 2012, already releasing a new so
come visit us! The dog is in today!
What happened last night?
Happy Hump Day! Oh and happy birthday :)
just posted a bunch of reviews on Sephora. Please, please, please let me win $500!
11:11 :) did u make a wish??
The three keys to high achievement: Clarity, Clarity, Clarity!
Sick games; 's getting First and Second place at Playoffs!
Paula and I will do Sheryl. Please give Uncle Stanley my regards, I missed his party.
#np Miracle Lover...I adore Joss Stone
so in the mood right now(;
Tuesday August 16 :19am commented on my post !
Me: "What was that sound?" 5 yr old: "A thump." Me: "What from?" 5 yr old: "I accidentally fell out of bed."
ugh im so bored
your better then on his signature saying ! Go Dahvie!
A fully loaded supertanker travelling at normal speed takes a least twenty minutes to stop.
Loving this rapid fire call with & ! So many good questions (and I got to ask, eep!)
Finally, my iPhone dreams have come true!
It time for NYS Writers Hall of Fame Retweets Today subject is Herman Melville. Here is what tweetdom is saying about
watching for #stpatricksday! drinking game: swig each time the boys use the F word--Sláinte!
nope!! Put ur page back up!!! Lol!!
I am so incredibly frustrated right now. I don't want to go to choir concert. I want a cocktail.
Woot! Donald Driver is on #DancingWithTheStars this season -- I know who I'm cheering for!
Hmm...can't say I'm familiar with the term.
haha i know! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
never let the world take your smile. For it is the greater gift.
SPI: It was GRILLED CHEESE DAY! You had to come to us! No one wants a grilled cheese through the mail! #cold&greasy
lol what where?
We've lost too many from that generation in the last year. :( TY.
i swear that same thing happened to us!
I'm So Thankfull That Follows Me (: xx Love Her<3
wish i could "like" this!
If the director says you can do better, particularly in a love scene, then it is rather embarrassing. - Julie Andrews
We are giving away 25 pairs of tix to ZZ Top/Lynyrd Skynyrd as well as our grand prize a pair of FLOOR PASSES TO ZAC BROWN BAND!
I'm starting to think that will never be able to drive.
hahaha damn, don't make it sound like a chore.
it all makes me sick. How did we let it get this wrong?!
omg Austin is so cute when he sleeps!!!!
2 wks ago, student asked if he could take home an encyclopedia. I didn't even know we had them in the bldg.
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
I'm just done giving a fuck.
u a fan?
Since When do you have to be skinny to be beautiful! Everyone in Jersey is shallow...
Please follow me please good morning from Miami,Florida thousand much love kisess for you mommy
That means we beat you guys! haha. Did you play that game?
Pushing my niece around in her stroller so my sis can have some free time
That sounds fabulous! Let's definitely do that! Happy Holidays!
can't wait to see your students video, we'll make one but it will take some time, going on spring break soon.
tell me how you get so many followers no & jane
I have never had a mint julep.
In Ireland. Will be prepping for #ICA's next concert on March 28 at the Belden Stratford Hotel.
And then you cry and take Advil. The strain of moving house crushes the soul of the introspection that such a time deserves.
@ midnight launching COD black ops (rame coy)
I will be missing while on this flight. My routine is disrupted.
Vice Versa => The positions being reversed
Ah! Mutually revered, exponentially even. Thank you, dear and delightful one~~
Hey, buisnesses I sent applications too: hire me
10 bonus points to whoever can tell me the movie "Karl Hungus" is from.
There's always going to be way more talkers than walkers. And for those that can do both
If you believe in yourself have dedication pride never quit you'll be a winnerThe price of victory is high but soare therewards P Bryant.
thanks bro!
The only problem is that we're both kind of shy xD
Felon Fitness: Lose weight & save money with home exercise.
at the field trip so far its boring eatin doritos!!!
Paid to play in the Olympics? I couldn't disagree more with Wade on this. Play for your country!
There is nothing to do today why did it have to rain?? <U+2614><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
The flight control app game is addictive!
miss my boyfriend so much..
Saw two guys carrying a desk across Ventura Boulevard at Van Nuys. Just a normal Monday.
Its not easy to not show someone that they hurt you, but I refuse to give someone that power over my emotions.
Got my droid today. Got to say I like it much better than my blackberry!
reality tv eliminations can't be harsh, they're not real
Relaxing productive day , can't complain a bit ;)
DAMN YOU MEAN TO TELL ME BOSH MEAN THAT MUCH TO THE HEAT??.
U have to check out it'll warm yer heart n make ya laugh!
Thank all my followers for following me
Yes, definitely! As a teacher, I'm sad when I hear colleagues complain about "difficult" gifted kids
i got hoes anndd ? but i keep my legs closedd but i believe keepin yo mouth & leg close is the only way too make yo money ! Bitxc bye!
Ever feel like you just wanted to choke someone?
According to a new CEIR report, a majority (51%) of young professionals attend exhibitions to acquire knowledge. Networking is 40%.
Jamming To
Stop calling me Martinez. Oh and pah-lease what you gonna do throw scratches?
Watch a movie or go for a run? Im leaning towards a run...something is wrong with me
Sending out orders in a hour, so if you want some summer swag get it now! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
Does anyone know where I can find information on the history of Amaranth? (I'm looking at you, !)
hey there(;
My name is DALIA!
Please study the history of Afghanistan up to present day. They are still somewhere between 7th & 12th century. Tribal culture.
I don't drink chief ... But we can light up
Thank you for the follow, Samir
Elements of my social media crisis/disaster response framework are going into FEMA training; pretty cool.
Thanks man! Glad you dig it
so now that you are going to have a kid are y still gonna be on the jersey shore
LOVE SURPRISES, just don't like getting scared! :(
Hope you picked some tasty treats for the fam!
I'm done cryingg for noww ; but there are more tears to come ..
burgers and cupcakes with Army of 7!!!
I'm from Atlanta & would love 2 recommend u to my contacts there. Send ur tour dates & I'll spread the word!
Sorry, I'm booked up that weekend. Thx for thinking of me. Mr. would be a good guy to talk to.
Welcoming #Politico White House reporter to #UMW today for meetings with media and presidency students.
I agree!
Knocking out :/
Just gotta take it one day at a time
yea that's true after that pick he hasn't really been the same
I agree although I think half of teams would have taken him first. Does not make it ok but makes it understandable
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please?
Happy December all #Sagittarius. Our time, our month, remember to point those arrows to the heavens above.
such an impressive run so far by #devils. Wasnt sure what they'd bring pre-postseason. They brought the good stuff
have fun! Its ok to slip a "Lets go Bucs" yell tonight..
The great birthday wishes are overwhelming!!! Thank you very much to everyone!!!! I feel the love
If I don't tweet that often, does that mean I have a boring life? Not at all. I just forget to share it with the world
Thanks You're extraordinary.
Please do nerd day tomorrow
yea... I am sure this guy has a real dope cheerleading competition to go to!!!
When someone close to u dies... move seats
i like those :)
I proposed to over fondue. We want to eat foundue in the homeland of fondue.
listening to old mac..<U+2665>
hahaha you must be bored.
good morning...God bless
Almost caught up on
they refuse to use TMZ as a source
G+ grampuh.jerry
awe thanks but honestly you don't have to!
lol for real, it's on Sunday at like 10 in the morning i think
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay Ive noticed more often than not, people, including myself, know what to do but have trouble on the how to do.
WEN U TRY TOO HARD SHIT GOES WRONG TRUTH IS I WAS SO AFRAID OF LOOSING U, I PUSHED U AWAY. I REALY BELIVED I WAS RIGHT..
Now that Scotty changed his username there's no blue checkmark next to it...peoples are gonna get confused...
In Seattle, WA we see clouds more often than most. Call us today to find how we can enable your success with our cloud infrastructure...
You cannot estimate the immensity of the f*ck in which I do not give
Don't worry, this line is moving fast.
RT : In exactly 5 hrs I will be announcing the winner of season 2 of And then 3 minutes later, I will crack a...
1person creating fake profiles to unfairly slam an organization--what 2 do besides report those profiles?
I'm watching!!
Loving the new #gmail look!
dudes are chanting Mario
tell them you had a head ache
It Wont Be Long... #RnRMiLLi™
how about Mickey Rooney's Mr. Yunioshi? How did they get away with that?
What other general questions do you have for us? What should we add to our FAQ?
Also learned on that there is a show called Mad Men. Perhaps should I try it? It's now on season 4
Love having a boyfriend that smells like curry sauce #TimeForABathBabe :L
HAHAHAHAHA!!!!! That is my favorite tweet I've read all break!!
fucked up by dis accusation I'm strait outchea tryna get it an 2take frm u I'm #ijs it's like a #epicfail But a I still <U+2764>u & not leavin
Let parents bequeath to their children not riches, but the spirit of reverence. Plato
just listened to #TurnToYou and it was so beautiful! Loved it so much. is so lucky to have u as a son
RT : Designing and building some awesome stuff for this weekend! Who's going???
My pal says #Irene - OMG the just reported that some houses have lost shingles! More #UselessInfo TOTALLY AGREE
Sorry to everybody for the DM crap, I was hacked & if you clicked on it, you probably got hacked too :(
happy friday everyone!!!!..And always smile!!!..=)
wow. I missed you to. I have been so busy that I have not had time for anyone. But I am back
Lots of helicopters flying over #MIT this morning. Wonder if anything interesting is happening in Boston today...
would of course!
Anyone know of bike rack that will fit Honda Odyssey w/o a hitch. Not having much luck. Will go the hitch route if necessary, not preferred.
I am not cute. Volkswagon Bugs are cute. I am...impressive.
RT if your glad Austin is finally doing an #AUSTREAM!
Did you laugh and pee your pants? BC I did :) YOUR BIRTHDAY IS SON
lol I was getting ready to buy all 3 of your plugins and your site went down for upgrades :/
Not Woody Allen movies.
Time is a problem, yes. But the anonymous nature of the evals bothers me, too, when I would be happy to have a conversation.
Why don't women tell us #WhatAWomanNeeds ?
Aww Alex I like you so much right now. Omg.
love it!
Fountain's Dictum: There is an inverse relationship between the use of "LOL" and the hilarity of the previous utterance.
You don't listen to the words that I say.
Double complete rainbow at random row with coogan's new project tonight! Nine o'clock. Donations!
RT : now: panel discussion with Melissa-Jacobs-Israel, Tabitha Johnson, Stephen Abram, Nancy Everhart
but thats not the irony, its the fact that she would say to wait to have sex, but in her songs is something else. she suxs...
Hey Stay Cool Like only you can!
Express Lube has partnered with Marine Corps Toys for Tots program. We're accepting new, unwrapped toys at all Express Lube locations.
Go Badgers!!
Q4 Survival has always been popular (ex. The Giver, The Hatchet, Island of the Blue Dolphins). The genre has grown in past yrs.
Sitting by open windows...reading...enjoying a gorgeous day. Contemplating a walk.
i dig it!
Iknow I Still Got That Paper You Made Me In 5"th Grade **
RT Yuma Co. Officials conducting fire assessment by ground & air. Heartstrong Fire is 100% contained.
I commend my brain for coming up with that one. It was quite nice, haha.
Are they winning??? RT : Woo Hooooooooooooooo.
haha it's like when you reply to any message Pssht text
ohh you know , the usual, life screwing me in every direction possible. No big deal.
In the middle of the book "Onward" by Starbucks' Howard Schultz. Powerful stuff.
LMAO so true!
sex is like mcdonalds, I'm lovin it. pussy is like subway, eat fresh. dick is like gaterade, is it in you?
We're working on so much right now! Really excited to put you guys on when everything is ready!
why anyone would sell a superbowl ring is beyond me
yes!!! :( so depressing! dropped it while getting out of my car at work this morning. it looks so bad!
OK I think multiple posting issues on twitter + fb are over! my isp must be acting up again...
My homey C4 just dropped so much knowledge on me about this music business, like a lot of people are gonna learn this stuff the hard way
how have you beenIts amrcello we spoke on the phone about a month ago
No, but we have increased your monthly data transfer to 3000GB/mo from 2000GB/mo.
Aw. We are collectively blushing!
is my go to bitch, always by my side
I have a pic, should I put it up??
i had the pleasure of serving as "virtual classroom coordinator" for that very course, long ago.
BJ Raji is the best! Did you name his name was on the table for potential kitty names?
Looks like no flying tomorrow either lol
You can't make your heart feel something it won't
Thank you for the follow back!
scores 17 straight for the great comeback and ESPN buries the story. If he misses in clutch tho it leads sportscenter.
Congrats man - what company? How's John doing (or has it been a while since you were there?)
About to put an extra blanket on bed jum in the shower and watch tv until it watches me, GN congrats to Floyd
Oh, pretty! I'm itching to read that book, too.
Me too! :) RT : I'm now going to drink myself into unconsciousness...
Super cute deal from Aerie, spend $40 and get a tote! Perfect for the beach and the warm spring Seattle days ahead.
At first I read "butter" not "butler". Yeah, that was confusing.
so great to cross paths. Had a blast doing your panel!
Go play
The problem is, he's either awesome, or terrible. Why can't he just find the middle?
oh lord
RT : RT: "The failure of prevention costs money."
At the end of the work week I don't have a single original thought in my head. Thankfully, there are RTs.
Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight
Today, I took it easy on in ping pong and let him win two games.
Must be CSN because ours is terrible, too. Also, #BHLDN is looking to hire a wedding decorations designer - apply!
Charity Alert: has joined force w/ other Southport merchants. Donating 10% of sales to on March 31!
Please Judges or Jimmy pick the Penguin song for P2
The famous lady in room 6 at the Louvre blew me away.
#DenverRepresent me some tracks then!
wait. I don't get it. Ben Franklin is from Philadelphia not Chicago. IMPOSTER! The real Ben Franklin was at #brews&bowties!
Yeah, I need to get back to all of that. And I need to focus.
Looks like I went to the doctors just in time
The last film I walked out on was THE CROW: CITY OF ANGELS. THE DEVIL'S CARNIVAL now holds this distinction. 5 minutes in was too long. 0/10
minus the bitter right? Mistake I assume
at least my vagina doesnt smell like some dead fish. Honestly your the biggest bitch of all time. Jump infront of a bus
RT : BREAKING NEWS: Tennessee announced that head women's bball coach Pat Summitt will step aside after 38 seasons w/ Lady Vols
oh #isner really can we get one american to make it to a #tennis final!!
it's sad so many people need the chance to learn understand and do better w/There company's or laid off need to start one
We are looking for artists for an event this march!Send us an email:
Shake off that case of the Monday's with some tasty tacos.. We're servin um Up at Farragut square 17th and k. K?
If someone fakes their ' death' thats just sick. They dont even know how many ppl rlly die cause of bullying.
Please, headline writers, could we have a moratorium on the phrase "Santorum surge" and the like?
Aha. I hate school.
thank goodness
what I think max is better than zac max is funnier and more better looking than zac to me zac is hawt but max better
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. -Frank A. Clark
Pix of trash left on Mall reminded me of visiting a pow-wow ground the day-after... considered a sign of successful celebration.
#ReplaceAGagaSongWithTurkey Turkey dance:)
If anybody is out tonight in Philly and you happen to see the #Pens out drowning their sorrows, PLEASE tweet your location.
happy birthday!
I am a huge fan.
Michael Roth on learning from #abelove: "fierce clarity is an extraordinary gift."
Fuck off me
no. need money first but i do want some
Thank God for the sun today!!! :)
Big ups to the ladies of NU hockey #beanpotchamps must be nice
If you're not listening to Penguin Cafe Orchestra on Pandora while you study, you need to hop on the bandwagon. Great stuff
Alton won again. Still alive for third!
They judge me before they even know me. That's why I'm better off alone sometimes. –Shrek<U+2665>
More than half of America lives on less than $50,000 a year (the entire family). People forget that.
Just remembered i saw eric gordan outside of kilroys last night
Great to hear Howard is joining WVXU!
Oh, well, yes, I always forget some people have allergies. Sorry. :(
My white IPhone #love and my blue earphone with smiles and my fav music. #Hair and and and other singers..
again I'm intruding but AWE THAT IS SO FREAKIN CUTE . Ok, ok I'm done .
Same here me & my friend are waitin for the JB concert to start so we can go we so wanna go and in June were going to see 1D
My hair is gone Yayyy!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087> I'm so glad I donated it to a worthy cause!(:
Artist SpotLight!-New HipHop Rap Star TEF-D-Featuring The L-DON ICE CREAM 21 song Digital Mp3 -cdbaby.com/cd/tefd1
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
Twitter; People I really fucking want to go to school with.. Facebook; Some people who fucking annoy me yes.
Procrastination at its finest.
dang!!! that looks good where is this place
thanks! I read it too, nice piece. What are you up to these days?
I hope so!
O What happened Butter fingers????
Thats rule Number one when working with Fiercness lol
I believe the correct answer is "the voicebox"
You know you are on a Costa Cruise line when …the buffet is live seafood…the crew goes overboard to make you comfortable...
plenty of
(says the new archivist who reserves the right to get bitter about it all. but hopefully won't.)
Way to single track the red line on marathon day That took careful planning.
Waking up with the BIGGEST migraine ever, think I needa go to the ER.
If i could be like i would give anything!!
FINALLY! RT: #Brewers just announced 2012 spring training schedule.
I'm used to it- people get that wrong all the time!
Met w/best-selling author Julie Fast! She'll be presenting at the WAN BMW Sat Apr 25, and a panelist on the WAN Publishing RT Sun. Apr 26!!!
Sore throat and all I wanna do is sleep. She could have called and told me she'd be hours late. I could be sleeping right fucking now.
Then I have these annoying people behind being loud!
This dude was eliminated? This IS a travesty
Playing at the Cypress Creek Cafe in Wimberley, TX tomorrow night - Dec.4th @ 9pm. Good Times!!
R.I.P. Etta James
Riding thru downtown
No, IMO, giving voters two clear alternatives to Mr. Smith makes it more likely that we force a runoff and
not as much as I miss DAT ass! Gonna leave here early & I'll send out a text :) yay!
#archives Improving High School Graduation Rates The high school graduation rate in Massachusetts has improved steadily since 2001. In a
I feel pretty good about this decision now! Thanks, friends.
MAHALO #hon12 for allowing me to share my Life's Journey! I had a great time! God Bless and have a great weekend! - Elwin
Finally, found a young rooster. The hens are being nasty to him, when he dances to impress, but when he crows, they whisper to each other.
done...good luck!
messed up UR competition by me tell U something about us & I already no that I don't need 2 apologize 4 that but I'd still like
Great pc games: Brave (2012 video game) by Disney Pixar
RT : #Virgo is a sincere lover. They cant make love to you if they dont feel love.
Just returned from Palm Beach. Was welcomed warmly. It was a good visit. Temple Emanu-el of Palm Beach is an exceptional synagogue!
Ready to get tattooed this weekend then its time to stop for a while I got to many
Book of Mormon last night, Hunger Games, Doritos tacos, rehearsal, and beautiful weather. It's been a great 24 hours.
The best way 2help the developmentally disabled is to tell your friends! Help us spread awareness about how badly our assistance is needed.
I DO believe the children are our future; I DO wanna dance with somebody; & I DO believe in the greatest love of all. RIP Whitney.
#FridayReads A Visit From the Goon Squad by Jennifer Egan and your tweets.
sorry TJ, but Don Lemon is nicer & better looking.
#ThankYou for following me, #GodBlessYou and i #Pray that #God fulfills your heart's desire, which are very pure
From the fish's point of view, that is.
Kissing an infection-free partner is good for your teeth!
I'm downtown LA right now about to go to job training for my new job! Damn I haven't woke up this early in a while :P
Love your vids:) Follow me please!!??<3
I got 99 problems but a slut ain't one.
This weather right now>>>>>
hmm , can you help out here? Thanks!
We strongly support the bill, just oppose the potential fee-for-service amendment
which kinda fruit are you? ;)
If your parents never had children, chances are you won't, either ~ Dick Cavett
Thanks everyone for your support! Latifa
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Thanks for the Mention!
Has now been likened to Hyde (That 70's Show).....huh....somehow it fits...
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. ~ Christopher Columbus
Not enough people are asking why we don't have a taco stand in the lobby of our building.
Jon Stewart....the sexiest, smartest funniest man in America
spent some time with the fine folks at before they flew back to NY. Really impressed w/ their passion & results so far! ^dw
Anyhow I'm stupid and should have bought it and nit give him "gas money".
TEs and are superior.Green-Ellis has being playing great lately too!!! Who knows may get involved!?
In 1961, actor Gary Cooper died in Los Angeles six days after turning 60.
Betfair Poker finishing tweet. The computer software is so rigged it really is a joke. What ever u do don't play.
I accidentally reported you for spam! I meant to Tweet you to say I hope your stalker comes forth!
i think its a wee bit passé to talk about what santa brought you.. merry christmas everyone!
If your a guy and more then 75% of your pictures is the duck face, vete
Subscribing to my eNewsletter is now as easy as texting COACHBRU to 22828.
RT Happy Founders Day to all my Alpha bros. Especially those E.V.I.L MUCH LOVE.
wanna win some free stuff? Join SAPB at the info table on the first floor of the Campus Center from 11-1!
RT : I was watching USA's #CovertAffairs and they use the term #wonk a lot.
Dear Kate, I just checked my schedule and I'm totally free for Valentines day! Just throwing it out there haha
Strive for perfection settle for excellence.
yes, yes that was a stupid video. "Positive" way to kill time. Love
hopefully once this summer... Justdunno when yet!
I Beez In the Trap!
are you in Utica please say yes.
Welcome Dr. Vicki Phillips () to Twitter!
I like Chipper and all but this is becoming nauseating
The boys are on FIRE tonight! Officer Krupke really tore down the house!
The way he talked!!! He was so nice(;
I declare the iOS Newstand to be the most useless icon in the history of the GUI
ya only have an online shop right now. We'll give you free shipping if you want. Just use code SENDIT for free shipping
Madonna, Madonna!
In my 13 years of watching this sport, I've never seen such a thing! This will be popular on YouTube. Lol
"I feel like this is going to last an hour... just hitting around balls." THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID.
Wait until those kids go to school. And you live in the city. And your zoned school can't support a PTA due to lack of interest.
#NHL can end cheap shot late penalties like Weber's punkass play on Red Wings. Add rule extending game 'til all penalty time runs out.
I was so depressed in like the 1st fucking grade. Shit was tough. I was heartbroken.
I won't be able to use these church birth and death records to calculate age-specific vital rates like I thought. :-(
you even put code in the credits? so much love.
Wishing a happy #vday to all the ladies of #craftbeer!
Folks aint got no life like y u playing on my phone
Just Released a mass email and now everyone knows! Jack Squad coming to all major retail outlets May 19th, 2009. Get Ready for Release Party
You’re making us blush! :) Sunbelt Oats & Honey bars are FYE!
W.e
what promo that would be for her! but you are probably right she will not!
What a way 2 kick off our season last night! Capacity crowd @ 2640 Space 2 hear play Xenakis.Doesn't get much better than that!
i got a new fish. i need a name for him.
Those who have succeeded at anything and don't mention luck are kidding themselves
Really? Works for me :) Using Chrome? Referers turned on?
you don't think you would have gone pro?
you're so right. If I have to remind myself to buy vodka I probably need more bubble in my life!
Happy Friday twits!!!
Anyone else opt for eel sauce over soy sauce?
New Madmen on the 25th! That should cheer ya up! :)
that is totally what I am arguing!!! :)
awesome article bro
Its going to be a night full of Laughs! See you there! :-)
How are we talking
How did you like it?
RAWK! It's a good decision. Let me know how it goes!
Um, why is everyone buying up all the bottled water on the east coast? There's gonna be gallons of the stuff falling from the sky
Lol i'm tired!
thanks man!
If women were ordered to pay child and spousal support in the same proportion as men, matrimonial law would be completely different
apparently I won concert tickets. this seems fantastic.
Thanks for the shout out, Miriam! What fun to see students literally devouring books in the library...
I miss you already!!! Saddest week ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
after the turbo
Waitin fa sht ta happen<<<Fuckin BLOWS!------> That's y ppl make it happen. The more uW8, The more uLose.
Go #UWS! RT: : I was just awarded Broker of the Year for my 2011 Sales for the Westside Office!!
hahaha i was like wtf is my life right now i was so creeped
Listening to Stevie Wonder to try to clean my brain out after that appalling Karmin thing. Talking Book seems to be doing the trick...
Inkwars, making me thirsty
The only way that would make sense is if your character was asleep dreaming of Hot Fuzz and Shaun. lol
I can conquer the world with one hand, as long as you're holding the other.
People who ask the stupidest questions>
Having a blast at the Home Instead Senior Care annual convention!
Dang why?
Willie Nelson at The Belly Up on July 12th?! F yeah I wanna go!
Holy schnikes. I posted the Instagram photo of Rose to the APA! Pinterest page last week and it got 147 repins!
who's gonna win the sausage race on Friday???
LMFAO I gotta charge my phone, its dead you know the usual
Allowing yourself to be satisfied with less than you deserve makes no sense..so why do it?
So honored and blessed to be able to sing/speak this morning at a women's event ~ no place I'd rather be on my bday! Jesus be huge!
Dam we just blue a 18 point led
#6WordSciFiStory - Teleportation insurance is expensive but necessary.
thanks :D
Nothing much You.?
In the Batman universe: is Gotham the only city with superhero's and villains? If so, why wouldn't normal people move away to avoid danger?
#JustBeingHonest I don't like to see tweets with bad relationship advice.
seems to forget that I watch Humphrey this weekend and will pay her Cards trashtalking back in a major way
would certainly drown out the lawn mowers but his tunes are...distracting.
Lovin' Louisiana cuisine
That's so STUPID.
Don't make me break out my chastity belt!! LOL
OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN!!! BOOM!
I thought that was the geico guy.
i always found that emma girl the most annoying whhoops and sara hah
Helluh bored. Boring ass weekend.
If you haven't saved the project, the recording lives there. Advice: check files there to ensure you don't need, then delete.
Here at the first special education advisory committee for my school district. Will see what info they have.
odd, wrote blurb on my g+ stream containing term 'emerging democracies'. which was struck through after posting. i'm wondering why...
She turned her head and is updating her Facebook to say "nearly BROKE MY NECK...."
We speak to the men from the college pipeline to the pros, to business of football, player development to exit symposium.
you beautiful love!
It's this time of the year again. Time to get busy filming early as next week love it....
you tweet to much !! LOL we friends right ? :)
There's no runnin' like Snow Runnin'!! Get ready.
#ff Check out our antique luxury wall maps!
I feel like flying
When will your idea of a combined Gratiot / Woodward Dream Cruise happen? This could be a great draw for the region...Overdo!!!
Is that a Joke or are you just hating:p Lol
you living it up in brip?
We want to see ALL of you at Rage For Recovery! Please get there on Saturday!
She certainly is! RT : Just wrapped the 1st interview of the day w/ , a true champion of Health, Beauty, & Philanthropy!
loved your photos on playbill! I wanted to check out the Hoboken art fair but was at crumbs all day /:
If I had a This Is My Jam account, at this moment it would tell you Bravestation's 'White Wolves' is it.
He will realizes that he was wrong and he will be sorry one day ..
TeeHee one of my followers is really cute xD <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
up and down... up and down.
U BASTARD IMMA KICK UR ASS STAB U AND I WON'T BE DONE TOYING BITCH ASS NIGGA FAT ASS MAN BOON MANGINA BIITTCHHH!! OK
Talking to self?
What makes you say that, John?
Shoutout to !! Get her to 600 & youll get a shoutout RT when you did(: only 10 people please follow her!
Random IHEC Blog SPAM: "precisely what do I really do? Exactly what do I only say? A bit gem could be drastically treasured."
Yep Twitter on Computer is cool but still confusing me :P
hey dudes, have a good summer. Maybe I'll listen in here and there. I know you love the advise...ha ha
Better than behind you! MT : It's going to be a great day when a cop is next to you literally the entire way to work.
Thanks. Hope it made you laugh.
that's crazy how you and your son making the exact same face! Your twin
Don't kill the little ones. The jail time is not worth it.
on cause marketing- if u buy from socially resp co's, u cn change the world
Tequila shot howdy Slange ladies!
bonfire my house right now?
something's missing.
People cite the Bible easily enough across multiple formats, languages and editions. Chapter and paragraph seems reasonable.
Angela Corey is not giving up info no matter how many times reporters ask the same question in a different way.
I just wanna be happy
We'll have to all go dancing something ha or just make up some moves n mess around at home ha
I'm sorry to say I don't necessarily mean that in a good way (for me anyway)!
#Heat has only made 10 of 18 free throws, they should easily be up double digits
I spy the Dora sno cone maker and a bottle of something. Making good use of that baby?
Party time
KG started talking culinary skills again. This was before things got really weird when he talked about the moon. Story will be up in AM
Lets ride, throw a line at me, throw a song. Anything.
After living in LA for twenty years I should stop being shocked at how bad people are at driving/walking/being a human
Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March": Monte Carlo "Join Us For VIP Month this March" *We're All VIPS in...
Yeah, I saw that. Goodell does not play around.
Hey bro..follow back man..
good look ;)
you take the pain away & I thank you for that
Good luck with the interview!
Haven't had such a good nap in years!
Text LOUIE to 32075 Louie Vito will use text messages to keep fans updated as he joins cast of Dancing with the Stars.
One more chancee, biggie gimme one more chancee..
its all over the news. Waiting to hear from the president
thanks.. It hasnt hurt yet
Are you following Facebook's #F8 conference? bit.ly/n1sdb5 How can we use social media to engage students?
They look better with their mouth full =P ": Stupid Rays Fans can Suck my Left Nut [If I had Any) (via ) - lmao"
Haha "if there was weightclasses in swimming, I would have gone to the olympics - "
We're ready for the Tsunami. Mahalo to all who are staying calm and cautious. Our prayers for the people of Japan with the big 8.9 Quake.
Saw & really enjoyed both EDDIE & JACKPOT. I loved DEADFALL & almost didn't go since I heard some bad things about it.
Yep -- IT guy -- he's very excited
The #Hawks couldn't hit the wooden floor if they fell off the freakin bench.
Congratulations Saint Peter's Peacocks men's basketball for making the big dance!
Shorts, sandals, sun & wind.
Good point. You'd have to calculate the ROI on it as well.
:) @ that Ronald McDonald House Super Bowl commercial. That was sweet!
Everyday is a busy day
I really feel inadequate and incapable right now. It's like nothing is ever going to improve, even though things keep improving (sort of)...
Its Friday, kinda. Anther full day of training tomorrow.
It's a / type of night.. my fav artists... <3 R&B fanatic!!
What a night.
The Supreme Court takes up curse words on TV today. Tune in to "The Morning Show" to find out why.
Delete. Delete. Delete.
Pinterest founder self proclaimed fan of Reddit. Makes since that Pinterest is almost a female version of the male dominated Reddit.
evan is a talented rapper check out evanwrekn.com, he is a breath of fresh air
Hi Marie-Claire, I'm relatively new to raw food diet. Looking 4 more than just smoothies & salads.
lol. hartsfield was crazy this am. #RSAC here we come. RT : Hot bag!! ( - ask them to hold the plane!) ;-)
#WeWantLesnar has been answered
RT : Get Excited! 47 Days until #NABJ12 in NOLA! 11 days until rates increase by $170. Register Today!
Big #Kentucky decision coming up. Wonder if their underclassmen will take their talents to South Beach?
A podcast en route to work reminded me to be happy to have a job... How do we live in the moment when it's just not good enough?
Yeah! Finished cutting Spring leaves for my pretty glass tree! Gluing next, photo update, then on to Summer!
it's wednesday all day
is rockin the new digs at work today, guess Imma have to step it up on the work gear.
Hi Mike, I've got lots of authorised pics from clients on NEC3 projects that BIW has helped to succesfully deliver.
I had a dream last night I kept getting kicked off of different reality shows because I was Muslim.
So not funny Cal!!!!
oh okay....well let me call GM then
when are you coming back to chicago to teach?
Maybe Stern can fast forward us to that Heat vs. Spurs/Thunder finals series now for 'basketball reasons'.
Whatever you do this summer, visit earthmatrix-dot-com often because I will start posting paleoanimations and hidden images in ancient art.
want Droid Bionic
I just want to hear pianos
cool cause I'm getting so pumped for this shit we going to kill it son
awww you guys aren't losers! You are just waiting on a hot babe to come around ;)
Tweet me a heart if you want me to DM (:
thanks 4 the follow
it's my BFF 's #dream to see . Plsss DM ME!!
Is Veganism Appropriate for Kids?
cover of Vanity Fair! Freakin fly man!!
“: Damn That Was Hard... But I'm Headed To Arkansas Next Year! #HOGS” Were glad to have you!
hi u should follow me plzs it like the 100 time i ask u and i think u should follow me
It's totally refreshing
Help Walk MS: Fell's Point Maryland bar tomorrow; Support Team Cobra Kai; Like my Facebook pg ($5 donation for new likes)...
Feels good to get back into a routine.
i hate
If Texans stay healthy (Especially Schaub, and Andre), they could very well win it all. Or at least make it to New Orleans
Had to get a whole new engine.=not happy. :-/
Basking in the sun at ravens stadium
Ya sprained a ligament in my back...only a week off deadlifting and running
An obstacle is just a stepping stone to success
Emerald Eyes almost finished. Hopefully, in time for Christmas for ereaders. Little later for paperbacks.
“: RT ain't no shakin' that Coachella tan! (don't tell me your bougie ass managed to not get one! Lol)” bahaha
yes! This is happening!
getting off be back on later. i love you all. and so does ! Bye #woof <3
I miss my so much right now. We need to tweet each other right now.
I agree with you 100% !!!
Looking forward to seeing everyone at #Buzzcation this Wednesday!
Alot of deez hoes that claim to be mothers don't deserve mothers day gifts!!!...
That why he's taking his ass home RT Amar'e.....why you such a po loser???
Uh oh. Is somebody's mother getting pushy over there? :)
#ConfessionTime i save alot of money by switching to geico
Off to Rivergate
Check out our awesome Specials at Kaama Lounge and Triple Crown. These Specials won't last so get yours soon!
(Great back catalog)
Omg followed me! I am so excited I absolutely admire her n I am so glad she followed me! Thank Ariel! :)
And what exactly is your idea of bad weather? lol
venus de milo, bopicity, and the list goes on
but they actually said coherent shit
I accepted the job that was offered to me on Friday. It was an offer i couldn't refuse. In two weeks i start a new job. I can hardly waite.
Finish them CAPS! Hendricks is the unsung hero of this team
I heard you got my Complete Vocal Primer! And you're going to be demonstrating for your worship team? Woo hooo! So exciting!
Giving tours and working the new tasting room at Great Lakes Distillery today. Drop in and say hi, or hit a tour - 4:30 & 6.
Personally, Me and my Mom think Dawn should break up with Stiles and go back to Ty or date ignacio.
Recall the Brewers
Try the veggie roll. We love the flavor of fish and shrimp, but the addition of vegetables will help make your meal more well rounded.
Its starbucks time
no but i'd be interested to hear more ...
UGA commercial with REM makes me wish I went to school there. What would I do without the bands Athens has produced.
Chomp a rug Fatcake
What's up Tony?
Dope game easy bt the rap game crazy...
I'll take Richardson vs SEC run defenses over Blackmon vs BIG12 secondaries. Plus WR steeper learning curve.
#3 seed in March Madness, that's good by me. Hoya Saxa!
Didnt eat lunch so I'm headed to Subway
ive got to find some inner strength to make it through today.
did not enjoy meeting Newt Gingrich.
Trop smoothie with the team
RT Does anyone have a quick and easy at-home remedy for man boobs?
Happy birthday to 's mom. Oh, and to me too
i got the 11 18 88 in various nascar pools not opposed to winning some money
Never quit! RT : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.-Oliver Wendell Holmes
“ That awkward moment when soccer players think their sport is harder than softball" when soccer is harder
Thank you for the RT. How's your day going?
New BG,&username(:
Diggin' the new jam, man. Let's get together soon. I finally got an iPhone and lost all my contacts in the process. DM me.
RT the strawberries are really good
Lunch was supplied by chefs and co's from Italy, Japan, Wisconsin, Australia and so many more! Anyone hungry?
#schoolmemories everyone laying their head down in ms.simpsons class while she was teaching lmao
let's make a record called "Honey Tracks"
No you may not make out with my friend but yes pay for my drinks all night long
GOD I'M FREAKING ANNOYED RIGHT NOW.
Holy crap austin looks so different now.
#SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out #46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org
Ok, that wasn't Larry David but THAT was DEFINITELY Albert Brooks!!!
Thanks Anne!
did you like the new cans or not?
what? Shut up
a good day winds down with a little Gillian Welch and Old Crow Medicine Show
Answering work emails on basic mobile issues....I'm convinced there is no actual help desk. I really need to stop checking email.....
crash confirmed: FairfaxPike both directions at I-81 - police should clear it shortly #VATraffic ;-)
New reason to love my apartment: the wedding happening in my backyard
Thanks, I love your iconic look and illustrative quality!
mama's making ribs tonight
I have 826 Followers!! my fav. 3 numbers combined just bkuz of my birthday!!=D lol....
please follow back it would make my day big time! :D xoxo love u : )
Don't be a follower. Don't ask, "What happened?" Make SHIT happen!
what me and u both come into work like "what" *hands in the air*
getting back into work mode after a great few days in Portland
I was having a horrible day, I mean HORRIBLE! until I found out Tyler Posey followed me. I know it's just a follow but that made my day....
for sure
Thank you very much; you know it's funny I past the exam on Miranda's B-day wonder if she gave me some good luck in spirit LOL
No Zubaz print?
Looked at the list, and I don't even listen to any of them let alone I don't even think I ever heard of them lol
Good Morning! Yay its saturday finally the day I was waiting for!
Damn it feels good to be a napper.
“: Can't sleep. I hate when I'm wide awake at 3 am. Ugh” I was feeling your pain, still am.
Great spring day. Sunny, warm, beaches full, water clear and warm. Love it!
If I were to try to read, much less answer, all the attacks made on me, this shop might as well be closed for any other business
Gearing up to do "A Clooney Christmas" show Fri and Sat night this weekend at Davenport's in Chicago! Holiday jazz, ya'll!
Thanks! Glad to hear the clickers guide is useful. I know it could use an update...
Big Bill wishes happy holidays to all! Capone's ghost and I will be painting the town red tonight. (We'll be the two transparent fat guys!)
Did you see them at the Newport last year? SO good.
um not sure..I think we should just be careful if we ever go into a club/bar with them when they come back
Happy birthday Bow Wow !
Thank you!! <3
YAY! You're leaving? I think you are bad for "real" PDX reviews. BYE!
So while i'm waiting, i'm going to just straighten up my room a little. I feel so good today!
ahaha all bad , but you still do it no bueno >_< I need my sleep lol I sleep a lot awe hug a teddy bear or something comfortable
I'll vote for y'all:) I wish I could go to c the bands that would be the best thing ever
True story. “: A day spent with #HRPeeps is a day not wasted. #TCHRA”
Good Morning!! Everyone. Today you should have a Apple.
Look. You can agree with me or you can be wrong.
omg i just watched that video lmfaaoo poor nick was like rapedd... ~gianna~
I'm avail to chat tmrw afternoon, or Friday mid-morning. I'll DM my number. Excited to help organize
-c- of clothes. You don't know how much I cry every night because I wish I was prettier and skinnier. You don't know.
#PeopleLikeUs like to blame others instead of taking the blame for themselves
how's your day going?(:
Sucks to fucking suck Tonya. I'm almost 18. I'll do what the ever fuck I want.
Can anyone recommend a good book on the history of soil taxonomy? Want an excuse to use the phrase "Albeluvic tonguing" in conversation
Peace, Love,& Habitat to all.
check your dm's
Two good job interviews today, might get an offer from both. It feels good to be the "niña bonita" at least once in a while!
Bye Bye Birdie rehearsal went amazing today! Great job guyss!!! Good luck tommorw ;*
Guess who forgot her phone at work again? Yeah, I'm a dumbass.
The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting. —Fran Leibowitz
Horrible officiating!!!!!!!
and tie for pushing my followers into the 200s. Thanks to both!
"It's all about translations" - Lucinda Martinez, VP of Multicultural Marketing at #HBO at #HPNG #Latino #Leaders #Networking Event.
Yo Sean,,, you wanna help us edit?
California #condor eggs have one of the longest incubation periods of any bird species - approx. 57 days.
“: Who pissed in Eric Cantor's cornflakes? #SOTU” how tempting to respond....
<3 we'll be here when you get back!
Love is much like a wild rose, beautiful and calm, but willing to draw blood in its defense.
RT : Did you know? 's name has been on almost every piece of HIV/AIDS legislation
Sick and busy - bad combination
lol, um okay :P
Congrats to and on their new marriage. Great things lie ahead for MOMA's Digital Learning initiatives.
put money in the box :3 i still love you more..
Man I'm starving.
cool bc I need to see you! Its been forever!!
Your a dude , and you trying to fight a girl. Something wrong with that picture ?
ima make you a sandwich kay? :)
My FV shirts came in two days after I ordered them! Fast delivery
It's these days like these that make me wish I was still asleep at this hour.
I'm already there. Maybe, given that, I should watch it more often.
Suck on titties then makes a wish
holy fuck what the hell am I looking at omg
Ah, akin to changing POV. Interesting take.
What's up with girls giving guys head behind Ross at southlands ... And video taping it? Your a whore sweetheart.
Only 214 days till graduation...
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc. is a full service brokerage firm, utilizing several major National and local Insurance providers to assist
The greatest friend you can have is Jesus .
blame federal regulations on interchange income. :/ Banks will all be switching to this soon.
omfg this is hilarious! Oh she ratchet! Oh!
what you did about it?
what issue are you having the app?
Need a quiet place to watch the game? Stop in and raid the cellar! Packers at 7:20!
can't wait to see you in concert sometime...
True. RT : The Big East is next-level dysfunctional.
I'll be makin love to her through you
the whole ep was weiner version of we found love.
Good morning! How's everyone?
Peanuts all the way!!
Of course it is, just like some on the left hate anyone who isn't. That word is tossed around far too much.
Considering starting a Tumblr that's just photos taken of my sunroof while stopped in traffic. Mostly palm trees and surprising buildings.
Hummus festival? Wow, you guys really party up there in PA :)
The moment I choose, I can be rid of Mr. Hyde. ~ Jekyll #MarchMad(scientist)ness
is proud to be a Faronic Partner! Clients routinely tell us that Deep Freeze is the best product they've ever bought!
Haven't been tweeting in a while, but I'm back!
A clear sunny day in the 'hood.
Final backstage pass winner for #Extremereunion Twitter contest is Cross_Rhodes @ SpicolliDreamer. You have 24 hours to email directly here
ahhhhhahaha, oh I miss you so.
Laying out at the beach.
The stuff dyrdek does is absolutely outrageous.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. Josh Billings
My hair cannot commit to one popular genre of music.
“: 'sleep no more' is an amazing experience” It is seriously bucket list good. I'm going again and I'm not sure if that's enough.
lmao you a whole fool.... I told you thats that alter ego, so what have you named her
But now you need to ask for budget or permission or both to cover your social media implementation plans
Yes! We are going to #factorcon , we're getting in tomw night in time for the #RMP cocktail reception :) Will you be there?
An a.m. meal made up mostly of carbs and protein with some fat keeps blood-sugar levels steady all day.
Its Monday! Welcome to the week and its going to be a great one..trust us. Hope to see you all at lunch today!
Excited to hear Chelsea from at on making the case for #servicedesign in the public sector
please RT for her 21st Birthday! She loves you & the Pens like crazy! We all do! Thank u & she will love it! :-)
<U+2665> Having a great day with my Baby!! We have been touring museums and having so much fun!!<U+2665>
Thanks for your support, we really appreciate it!
I know it's only 9:25, but I'm thinking about pulling the plug on today.
Niall and hello how are you?. Yesterday you were very good.
is poppin' for a Tuesday night. Families, tourists, & locals alike. across the street looks forlorn by comparison.
chicken feet make more money for chicken producers than any other part. They sell like crazy in China
Great piece on by in the new !
For the record, George Zimmerman did not play lacrosse at Duke
will camtasia projects recorded on the snazzy new mac version be able to be opened in Camtasia for Windows?
Just accidentally walked right up on a nasty, slimy toad, almost like the one in "Pan's Labyrinth" #eww-tastic -- Samantha Willis (…
its people that only go to "packed" clubs that don't know how t party lol I'm bottle poppin so I'm good
wait aren't you from North Bergen ?
I love driving around #stoned blasting #phish each betrayal begins with trust every man returns to dust
Confidence is a stain they can't wipe off!!!
Did you win?
oh my gosshhh you need to get out of my mind, like NOW ! O_o your one person i should not be thinking about at the moment..
Good morning Denver! 6:45 and it's already a gorgeous, sunny day. 81 degrees today, beautiful mountains & day 3 of camp
ahah awe okay , we need oovoo sometime :) , and yeah i know >_< wyd. ?
Tim, thanks for following me!
It's either that or "Xbox controller girl." But I think I like Gorilla girl more.
yessir. I promise when I do we gone link up. My bad about last time
when you get what you want...what will you have?
Success means having the courage, the determination, and the will to become the person you believe you were meant to be. Geroge Sheehan
Well... Thats Another year I didn't miraculously get drafted into the NFL.. Bought a new suit and everything smh
breathtaking display of guitar playing. Cuban band a very tasty condiment that did not overwhelm main course
Are you in Buffalo? Stop by our booth to learn about membership and check out our silent auction!
excellent! Let us know how it goes, we hope you create lots of great images!
Does anyone actually think the hit by #Ovechkin on Girardi is even remotely similar to the #Giroux hit on Zubrus??
youu better :D
Listening to and 2 New Fabulous Albums for 2011 Yeah!!!!
DeMaio says he's the only small business owner running for mayor, understands challenges business owners face.
Actor Tom Savini of "Night of the Living Dead" fame, completed work on Cartoon Network's "Aqua Teen Hunger Force".
Between The Sheets #83 - The Girls are Back In Town
Punctuality is the politeness of kings. <U+6642><U+9593><U+53B3><U+5B88><U+306F><U+738B><U+306E><U+793C><U+7BC0>
#SEO tip: want multiple bots to crawl your new content -- tweet a link.
I got on twitter just to reply to my sister lol
all of us are coming.
Even though I haven't heard Put your Hearts up yet I already know it'll be perfect! <U+2665>
Yes! So delicious. RT : Have you tried the new crab cakes yet?? Another spring menu fave!
k now you're trippin
Omg I never get tired of listening to Bon Iver. Ugh, so beautiful.
that awkard moment when youre friend says they got u a great Christmas present and you realzie youve gotten them NOTHING! D: pop!
Forever never friends with
Too bad the Heirloom Tomato Salad is so seasonal..such a hit! Burata cheese, shiso, squash blossoms m
its all starting to make sense
Getting ready to forget about another 'over-hyped' NYE nite in LA.
ight, be ready
people like adrenalin!
A lot of girls wanna be with the cutest boys but can't take the all the female attention that comes with em ..
“: PRESSURE- Makes diamonds, but it also bust pipes!”
Could you say hello to my library school classmates? We're having an end-of-semester tweetup.
That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on
Perrie Edwards is so freaking pretty!
Online colleges aid you to blend your education into everyday life. Young/old professionals are opting for this option to grow more...
You too! I knew you were more than just an eye! :)
So excited for #Girls Got Rhythm Fest!! Opening for #Ronnie Spector and #5678s tomorrow!!!
All night at Celler Wine Bar- no tv, good music, great wine and tapas.
Donna Karan was gorgeous; off the runway one guest wore those insanely chic Prada swirly shades RT : Can't wait to see fab looks!
Hunger only for a taste of justice\Hunger only for a world of truth/'Cause all that you have is your soul--TRACY CHAPMAN
Really enjoying the trade deadline. Some great moves, specifically #jondaniels and
These southern girls don't have no shame in their game!
You've read Thomas Tweed? I need to revisit him. Had very mixed feelings about Crossing and Dwelling.
Advocacy for the Obese? What about the backlash of obesity being accepted? Awareness, society wake up and make a change!...
#happybirthdaytravisclark. If you had a time machine, what decade would you go to and want to live in?
Happy St Patty's Day friends!
If u RECIEVE a text at 12:00 noon, saying you have won a prise then text back there will be 3 winners good luck. (PRIZE WILL BE IN TEXT MSG)
i followed! :D please show me proof of the DMs to Justin pllleeeeaaaaassssseee:D
or, he might be horny
“: I just wanna snuggle right now. #realbad #seniorprblmz”
Good people of Seattle...and awesome tourists visiting this summer: Come to EVO Tapas Kitchen & Cabaret to watch my timelapse films!
I was just going to say that. We consider poker a sport, and it's on ESPN, but it's really like no other.
Taxpayer excludes 52% of the adult population too if we are speaking about income rather than sales taxes that kids pay too.
Thank you Linda Barton of Re/Max for another fine closing with Gateway Mortgage Group. Look forward to the next one.
bout to see what today has in store for me :)
Whats not to love?
Sitting in a presentation with Marty Sklar and Jack Lindquist. Checking my pulse to make sure this is real.
Thx Dan - funny how that was sent at just the right time! Hope all is well!
#vatorsplash Einstein photo could be Aaron Levie's relative?? Good hair! And good talk.
“: take your anger out on Andrew Bynum”. HAHA!
Unfortunately, unless knocks out , he has no chance. Judges won't hand Money first loss on the cards.
RT : A3: Tip for jobseekers networking online: Offer more info than "I need a job. Please see my resume/LI profile".
I am getting addicted ! Can't stop buying. Love what you are doing. Today's offer is fantastic.
God day! So glad skools ovr
Nice meeting you at the state of reform event today!
why pay 300 dollars to party when skyy is only 20 dollars a fifth
You are amazing <3 !
nice segue there....
Not a space dude but watching this space shuttle discovery final flyover is pretty cool wow right over the trees!!!
+1 RT i like fake tv. written by really good writers and executed by talented actors & directors. ive got enough reality in reality
Wishing upon a star for my #MegaMillions ticket to hit! When I win, I will buy the a World Series!
lol how long is it a day ? Like a full school day o que ?
just a hello! And to tell you I forgot to record the bachelorette! lol
Sexy Sam!
Debating getting my nose Peirced! I think I'm feelin it....
": First dates = awkward. First kisses = heavenly. First love = irreplaceable. First heartbreaks = Unforgettable" tweet it girl
I just have a thing for singers. And/or a guy in a work suit.
If I could go back in time, I would take the braised short ribs I just made to the prom.
It would be so nice if someone came & kept me company & made me soup x:
And rumor has it she ain't got your love anymore.
Gun Range RT Paintball or Gun Range?
Tonight on MPTV 36, small-screen historical costume dramas are celebrated from the past 50 years. At 9PM.
We're at for 's "Canned Acoustica" benefitting Two cans gets you in the door. Join us!
pitching media
There's a tiny part of me that needed that break from football.
will do (:
If you're driving between Milwaukee & Chicago, be warned... Tons of cops! Merry XMas, license & registration please.
Listing the Facebook stock as FB seems pretty weak to me. I can't believe people are reading all 202 pgs of their S-1 either.
Slowly but surely it`s coming together...
“: Happy Birthday and Congratulations!” thanks Yvette.
Hey everyone! Please follow ! Let's help them become the best USA fan site for ! Thanks!
My farts
Excited about putting the finishing touches on the 3yr strategic plan!
Ugh. Abomination is right.....
Janet Jackson: How I Got Thin - Us Magazine
We can’t change the past and what happened yesterday – we can absolutely change how those experiences impact us today and tomorrow
now THAT is the truth. We get an A for effort right? Most of my teachers go for that. JK they totally dont!
Haha - I think he might have been talking thermodynamics there so he's ready!
He Knows U Exist :)
i found you. LOser, jp:)
Wow dylan is so handsome and funny ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
#YoloIsNotAnExcuse to live with bad credit
Waxman tells me on Plan-B: "FDA is a science-based organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science" (1/2)
keep tissues handy
What kind of St. Patrick's Day Traditions do you have? We will all try to remember to wear green here at the office...
Good night everyone! Here comes another day without power! :'(
All day CLE. First half done and I haven't really learned anything useful. Some speakers are amateur comedians though. :)
I will take care and happy mothers day
love it
Thank you for following
Eating Salt And Viniger Chips So God......
reading some pretty fucking awesome submissions right now
I thought you were pretty, then I got to know you..
Shoulder cat wants to know why you're not working harder to create a better perch.
#RobertsGirl (; your blowing up my phone with your RT's!
hallelujah! social media trending towards social engagement with institutions NOT broadcasting upcoming events
Birthday shoutout to ! Hope you have a wonderful day!! I am blessed to call this man pastor.
I expect hourly updates and pictures!
“Success is often achieved by those who don’t know that failure is inevitable.” – Coco Chanel
Can someone explain to me what a #twittercrush is? I mean, from the way described it, it deserves to be AK'd.
500 fans and counting...AWESOME!! Thank you everyone for your support :) ~Amber
I refuse to let the madness of writer's block take hold. Dammit. I'm going to kick my own ass if I don't finish this chapter tonight!
Are you suprised? ;)
Cuz all we see her as is a club rat
Definitely, keep the quality. Do you plan to create a contest/campaign with your videos? B/c there is potential.
Let ME be clear, Obama's war on terror policies are virtually identical to those of George W. Bush. Bin Laden is dead. I report, you decide.
Don't worry, it's not graphic
Thanks for your RT Robin! :)
Getting homesick from the SF episode of the #bachelor!
oh twitter how I miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
thanks Tom! We will keep you in mind!
To all my DJs in the area, please let me know if you've got ACAPELLAS on deck! Putting a special project together and I need YOUR help!!
Thanks honey
I'm the fuckin' man, ya don't get it, do ya??
nice single up the middle sir. Great to see it live!
Me: "Where do morels grow?" : "In the woods."
YOU'VE NEVER EVEN HAD ONE!
We had it as an optional benefit at my old company.
Just a little over a week to go until the new season starts on January 26th!
it was nice seeing you last night! Hope you all had a good time
Flexibility to do right comes with the limited accountability and lack of direct payments that non profit recovery/relief orgs enjoy
dont tweet me
#healhtip: To help keep the skin moist, avoid skin-care products w/ alcohol and petrolatum and drink plenty of fresh water during the day
why do I feel like our pets heads are gonna fall off?
if you've never had to breath out the side of your mouth while eating pussy, you dont eat pussy
I'm the same way. I don't take it every day. But when I NEED to sleep one 3mg pill gets me through a night more than normal.
haha come by tomorrow!!
I must like Ugly boys....lol thinking bout my exes lol
lmao tell us how u really feel ?! Shit lmao
ur growing up rite before my eyes I'm so proud of you :')
#ImMadBecause I didnt save my project for my video class and my computer just crashed...
Taylor! You need to get on this Twitter thing more often!
I think the entire waitstaff from the movie "Waiting" is at the table next to us....this is humorous...
#iabaudio bad audio ;(. Baby steps to the elevator.
how are u doing boo?
If its still raining after school my dad gone come pick me up ,
o well its a whole page dm me ur e mail and i'll email it to u
At Imagine: how creativity works with Jonah Lehrer. I will try to tweet some points.
Guess if it ain't that serious to u, let's jus downplay it. LOL Not even worth no more tweets.
do I ever! Lost my sh!t on many an occassion watching that!
Can I just say it: the practicing architects aren't as smart as history/theory types. ie confusing liberal w/ neo-liberal. Disappointing.
Updated Piranha 3DD Trailer Shows More Hoff He'll be ready!
Our music's kind of about taking something ugly and making it beautiful. - Jerry Cantrell
Making a case for art in the 22nd
More Rizzo - "No one has ever accused Cole Hamels of being old school."
I am so pumped for this hockey game who & its only preseason. #letsgohawks!
OMG..its Really hittn me now that ithink hard abouu it..wish i culd take back wt i said ! Itried 2work it out now its ur turn, 2stbborn ...
Nope, that's fine. If you want it to be really easy, have each person edit their own page. Can all be in the same wiki.
OMG I KNOW! <3
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the panda bear from the panda cheese commercials
Getting ready for our next auditions in NYC for Quest summer theatre for High School and College Only more info coming soon.
The yearly hat tip to Nicklas Lidstrom. Was it the last year of an awesome career? I hope not. At 41 he's still one of the greatest.
“It is better to take many small steps in the right direction than to make a great leap forward only to stumble backward.” Proverb
You know you're from out of town if...
How would I do so on a mac. I don't have a right-click.
Not everyone is relevant to your purpose. Don’t spend energy making irrelevant people relevant.
God forgive us for all our sins, God forgive us for everything #Don'tGo
Wanna advertise directly to those customers in coffee shops? Inquire here,
Got bad bitches, they ratchet
FOLLOW ! HE WAS MY 60TH FOLLOWER :]
Addicted bro? lol
what's your email address? It has all the details. My coworker is on the board at LMS.
Walking around promoting and such!
I can't wait to see him again! 6 months is way to long! :(
at the 13-mile mark of reviewing papers. breaking for gatorade.
Haha I can't believe they found a food you don't like :D Xx
We will always be remembered. By someone out there. We are all special to someone.
Radical transparency on outcomes is the way of the future--Jacqueline Fuller, Google charitable giving.
It sounds right up my alley. Red is my favorite neutral.
I hope you joined my newsletter list?
I am fortunate to be here thank you all for making me feel at home
OH on : "liberal arts students often double major: one for their parents and the other for themselves"
Remember-TODAY IS THE TOMORROW YOU WORRIED ABOUT YESTERDAY- InSpotter app
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
My window looks straight at the back of the Twitter building. Currently 4 dudes sitting next to a dumpster huddling over an iPhone screen.
I'm going to the concert here but my mom is making me pay in school work!
hi there!
What?? No way! Do stink-bugs eat lettuce?? ;) I need a goldfish... PS - congrats on the new job and moving home!!!!!!!!!
Done. Thanks man, I appreciate it! How's training going?
makin my fruit loops like downright shabby
SapientNitro is featured as one of the the world's leading independent agencies 2012, published by Campaign and in association with thenetw…
unfortunately I am not
feeling glad that I am running 5 miles tommorrow since I just ate 5 wings,a handful of fries and a couple beers...its all good
#nccetl (pcti) peer coaching of tech integration in every Asian country except Burma(ha Myanmar)
HOBO. BRING ME MY AWESOME MAGAZINE TOMORROW.
I meant wonderful...
RT : If you think you're too small to have an impact, try going to bed with a mosquito in the room. - Anita Koddick
Just realized I havent been on twitter for awhile
-- sure helped my fantasy football teams this week!!!
Yoou do those to!?
I'm a very sensitive person ~.~
since then Ive read bits & pieces of Dr Perkins & Ive really enjoyed listening 2 Rudy Carrasco's podcasts. How r u involved?
thanks for recommending us and hope we'll see you soon!
God damn, what you on? Private Plane. Fuck you on?
“: The first sentence in your novel is so important. #querytip” Yes. And I will write it last.
i need coffee. help. me.
happy thanksgiving everyone im thankful for all 3 of my kids and my beautiful feance vicki i love thwm all for life
John, having Jill as your bitch isn't doing it "right"
Feeling. Like john legend ...tonights the best night I ever had
you like ny:)
Health is Wealth. I teach People to Make Money and Have good Health. Call me Today. 1-888-920-7848
#replacebooktitleswithbacon World War Bacon: An Oral History of the Bacon War
There is if you're a catholic, that's what I was thought anyway.
Many thanks to all Council members - past & present - for your collective commitments to the women & daughters of
Livin' large! Bought 100 ft. Cat6 (gigabit Ethernet) cable at lunch today. Don't be jealous...
All moved out. My car weighs a billion pounds. Definatly investing in a uhal on the way back
I love Louis <3 and I just wanted to say I love all my followers! Almost at 200 :) you're all amazing
Many Thx for all the
I'm ambivalant atm to it but slightly worried as all these lil changes could add up to a messed up overall plotline.
Chest and shoulders should be worked on two separate days in order to reduce strain on the rotator cup.
yea dats ma role model one love x
you can ski without snow cuz Sara went!! So HA
i followed bak
Thanks! No Smartboard, but I think we found some good Web 2.0 resources. I'll tweet them out!
Thank you for all you do for #autism! You are appreciated!
tell me how you did when you done
you're welcome:)!
[closes curtains]
just pay it forward
he was in immortal with Henry cavil
no prob. I have this wild theory about something, but I didn't want to share unless you'd gotten to a certain point.
digging eye rocks myself this a.m.
Great to sit down with you today! :)
I'll be home tomorrow... I'll listen! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Coffee, oatmeal, Mandarin editing.
Not too mention dez bryant and miles austin, if romo's healthy then they'll beast!
Thanks for the RT!
Italian ambulance w/ lights & sirens sped by To Rome With Love set; slammed on its brakes, backed up; crew got out and took pics w/ actors.
Places to nap in the office in asc order of effectiveness. Desk. Under Desk. Toilets. Broken Elevator. Room with 'meeting in progress' sign
Matt "The Walker" is stopping by Z-CoiL on 4th St. in #ABQ @ 11am today! Come by, hear his stories, & share some fun!
I'm thinking playoff.
Impressed that Alaska speaks out against objectification of women. Would like to see her character have her actions follow her words.
There is nothing better than spending time with old friends. Love my girls!
I need to meet with some interesting peeps.
Thank You!
Face it you're never bringing them home you damn lying asshole using that part as an excuse to be elected president.
Thank you! We love the bag as well. ;-)
": I just want to be on a beach in the Bahamas somewhere <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><U+26F5><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>" I'm down to
If you do it, share how it turned out. I have one of those (great camera!) and have been thinking abt rooting it.
#Occupy discussion underway at #afs11 Alumni Hall - what can folklorists be doing to share the stories of people involved in the movement?
gotcha. Thanks.
Clayton Holdings Launches New Website
you know, I may actually do that. All jokes aside, how good would that be, as long as I don't get murdered.
U niggas don't understand cause u.ain't.in.the streets
"Why not?" "Because I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my own life."
TIP: Run 1 mile for every hour of work.
Crazy up in here
You're there?
Daily News
Brady's pissed! Look the F out!
I'm developing my book into a Broadway cabaret act with short readings and taking THAT show on the road as my book release tour. Thoughts?
despite Ed hardy, sounds like you had a great #thunderoverlou looking fwd to seeing you on the big screen @ #derby. Have fun!
Cant beileve im about too go to bed.
FF #: one of the most amazing, supportive, hardworking do-gooder type people I have ever met.
Listening to some Sean Price.
You're the reason why I have trust issues and haven't dated anybody else. ;3
#azizansari 3some guy: "Next thing you know their gettin' naked." New parents night out: "Next thing you know were getting Nachos."
RT RT When I run, I cut corners because I'm a fearless bitch ;)
Thx for being here RT : D. Cohen speaking at #cysummit 17 cities have teams. Including Miami!
And on that note I think it's time to try and meditate... else I'll never sleep! This mind of mine would never shut down if it had its way!
lol thanks so much fun watching these uk footy games with fans!
your twitter name is stupid , just like you .
Guess the machines don't know everything. Manual override it is!
I heard u on Youtube & loved it. Do u have contact info I can have to reach out? Would like to further discuss your career!
It's no fun having a cold. Hope you feel better soon.
What a BEAUTIFUL day to come sit by the water & enjoy a fresh croissant!!!
you have some nice pieces!
Stand strong during the storms of life, and the sun will always shine on you! = )
Thanks! Lmao how was it? Anything about new coach?
hey hey... #Maine is a solid team and has the top first line in the league. Great game by both teams.
AH cant believe got a Twitter Account lol
finally got my iPhone <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
One thing we are not, is film snobs. We love television! What new shows are you looking forward to this fall?
RT : Getting ready to head over to the Oracle Arena to get my Bulls game on. Pregame starts at 9 pm on ESPN 1000 Chicago. OHH YEAH
It's like The Austin police department hired seasonal help, they're all over the place!
So thankful for our awesome counselors Fred and Anna Kendall! and I had a great "pre-baby" session today
S/O to the best ball player to never play for me!! Thanks for the follow!! Hope all is well!!'
In God I trust!
sully! today at school, i had an epiphany. i related my whole life right now to what you went through!
now THAT'S funny...
we need more just like him
Direct selling= selling products directly w/out a fixed retail location. You can do it at home or their home... or from your car!
Anyone read Diane di Prima's Memoirs of a Beatnik? Quite something. Like the obverse Anatole Broyard, though even more fictive.
Rainy days always make want to cook & watch old black & white movies
Many clients are ordering Logo Golf Balls, Titlesist, Callaway, Nike, Pinnacle and more. Low 12 dozen minimums.
don't buy into the #blackfriday madness.Retail workers suffer long hours w/ little/no benefit for ditching thr fams while corps profit.
oh yes. You are so right on that.
People are sick.
Holy Thursday worship is one of my favorite times in church. Tonight was absolute joy as we connected around the table as Jesus' family.
Good morning everyone n I want to give a s/o for all the love n support thank u guys
Texas stadium or wherever the Red River Shootout is played at
Right. It's completely understandable, and I would have done the same thing. But, it leaves open questions for those media.
Follow us tomorrow night for live feeds as the #Thunder take on the #Rockets in our Game of the Night.
Hey you, jumping lunges ... go die.
My husband said "i think Angelina Jolie is an amazing person" i asked why he said "ah i just do" sure Paul sure
people who say "thats not what your mom/dad said last night" are lame af. WHY WERE YOU FUCKING MY MOM/DAD LAST NIGHT?! smfh.
Yo check out these snapback caps ! bureau.storenvy.com
Worse. Dance move for Might have blown out my ACL.
Love is like a card game. Cheaters always lose
Big Bank Roll!!!!!
hahaha!! That was a fun one to draw!
You're So Vain, Pistol Whipped, and Slo-Mo-Tion. Put these on radio stations and just you wait...
named Hugo lol
HAPPY belated THANKSGIVING
so sad you guys are closing shop! Another local business I love gone... :-(
I would be crying with cuteness and laughter.
Fuck dude thats not the way to talk to a grl....
Chicory coffee, crunches & Coltrane... great way to start the day.
Who doesn't love October? Especially since Halloween is right around the corner! RT
Its complicated....
oh I will young pup
Thanks, scientist friend! (He says no to ice in my Alka-Seltzer.)
I feel u I hate dat shyt. I wish that it last longer its like it makes u sleepy ion know but I love dat shyt dough
Yes, and it's a tragedy.
That won't help. All of Wisconsin is currently unavailable.
Miley Cyrus: Will Trace Cyrus and Brenda Song Name Their Baby After Miley?
Taking on some tours for the new year, Who needs shows ladies and gentlemen ?!
Who is going out Thursday night?
It surpasses expectations. Has me craving literary fiction, limes, as well as a trip to Disney.
I don't know how NBA players can focus during commercial breaks. These dancers are giving me a headache and I'm not even on the court
Love finding a small church when I'm out of town!
Hey guys it's me Daniel rosa from the voice I'm recording "animal" so it will be coming out soon :)
Hope your having fun in Arizona(: I Love You!! <3
Cruisin Classics will be cruising in to the Turning Stone Resorts Casino in Verona NY on March 30th for an 8pm show. ;o)
Jamming to "Tears Dry" by Amy Winehouse
no no no. I got my sunglasses a suede.
You sure know the way to a gal's heart!
Did Idefine th vague "rogue capitalism"? Or am I stillconfused? Curium,tell me before she calls me a commie!lol
I am literally lying halfway off my bed and shaking lol my friday nights man
It is National Police Memorial Week. That may be why.
this is like my million attempt to get you to Follow us I want to give up but my daughter says #neversaynever she loves you.
you should have ratigan every week
oh joey nt use ths account again
"I miss you a little, I guess you could say, a little too much, a little too often, and a little more each day."
": loving this, whose paper or talk are you tweeting?" Marcus Boon, then Eric Lott.
We have a car full of records and ready to rock!
Karen O'Connell's tumbling skills make my fake cartwheels look even sadder.
i just feel really uncomfortable right.
yes and corn makes whiskey!!
Today my life begins.
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
I'm looking for ways to get to NYC for memorial to hang with someone last minute
We were not able to take anything off the price of oil (to speak of), but the market manipulators were not able to bring the DOW back up.
You are welcome - Save your money, time, energy, etc. #Clear is an absolute nightmare. I'm just trying to help consumers.
it def wasn't... We bust y'all private school ass in high school in every sport if we played y'all...
!+_.+- WANT TO CELEBRATE YOUR BIRTHDAY SATURDAY AT CLUB MATRIX...TEXT ME 972 839 4921.--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
What is the point of trying to paint someone a violent criminal when you have no idea who you're insulting
We have enough gun control. What we need is idiot control.
CREATE A BRAIDED RUG FOR FREE just like the early pioneers in SD! Family activity 12noon<U+27B8>4pm at THE SAN DIEGUITO HERITAGE MUSEUM~Encinitas
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] Ignore the armed robberies & dead bodies around campus. Instead, focus on how green our new buildings are going to be!
I need to have chipotle soon cuz i never had it before
":"Joe Paterno lived 99.99% of his adult life as a noble man..." Actually over 12% his life he protected a serial child rapist
I hate the lunch ladies at my school lil ugly self do the most be wantin to just go on em so bad
My bike is a constant reminder of how the necessity to work can suck the joy out of things that we love.
I miss bothering
Happy New Year from your IncrediBull US friends. We've had a great 2011. Welcome 2012!
Did you miss the 1st special performance by du Soleil @ #drupa? Follow #xeroxdrupa for details of the next one hall 8b
It has good actors: Blair, Nicole, Pam and director Neema...I can't speak for the writer. But two out of three ain't bad.
My brotha love you USO! love you bro and it was good seeing you!
Ob-La-Di Ob-La-Da: John, Ringo and George disliked this song and all three of them vetoed Paul's wish that this be released as a single.
Thank You..You 2..LOVE YOU 2..
on way to #mobprocconf, feels somehow earlier than my clock says it is
You only fall in love once, the rest is merely practice to make sure your heart can take it.
Living in FL is like living in Jurassic park. Bugs everywhere.
a simple Cuisinart citrus juicer.
<~ waving Did you sleep well? ;)
yes. So very much of this. RT : I am so ill-prepared for the stress of upcoming season finales. I NEED A MOMENT.
What are thankfulfor? Post it on thankfulfor.com and then keep on posting all year long!
Healing means balance, and meditation creates the conditions of balance and well-being.
Les Barkley on Matt's response to Pete leaving: "When Pete left, everybody went dead. That's when Matt said, ‘I've got to call recruits."
googles ur name and a pic of me came up...# explain that
Thanks for the love !
RT : Without a plan for the future, a person will always return to their past. -- AR Bernard
Don't talk me about my ex. I ain't bout that life.
Anyone else ever wake up feeling like Barney Rubble and Barney Bubbles did a Mexican hat-dance on your brain? Me TOO.
jersey is good on price too. But all in all money sucks haha
miss you too buddy ! I am so pooped, raked the yard and cleaned today! Ugh :(
Talking instead of working out
Drinking straight Skyy. Help
I'm the guy with my hands up their ass.
I Wish! Ive always wanted to Visit the Land Down Under! =)
How many times am I going to get burned before I learn my lesson?
#GoTribe Go to th' creating a whole tribe of fops.
Man up anthem!
No problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : thanks for the follow
There are two great rules of life: never tell everything at once
Final edits sent in. The next issue should print later this week. 10,000 copies for the first time ever.
Game of Thrones is starting out it's epic run like Albert Pujols started his baseball career
sorry my phone is jacked up
Thank you :)
Ditto! omg I can't WAIT for fantasy football!!!
follow me....i have tried SO hard to get you to notice me....plz!!!!
Going to see transformers 3d xd.
I watched that soo many times. I had it on repeat.
No power as of 4:50pm
Catapult & The List join forces today to help small agencies with 2012 planning. Message directly to find out how to win a free session.
did I say I would never join Twitter or something??
No Pie. I'm disappointed.
is your website down?
my son has the same allergies we have tons of recipes .. What specifically are you looking for?
Been going gluten-lite the past few days. Quinoa pasta: major win. Wheat-free waffles: no idea why these even exist.
thank you sir. We are all pretty stoked here:)
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot
lmao you sound like it, I bet you would think twice before you just puff puff
Come on! That is ridiculous. We don't live at the North Pole...
Intense 2 hr workout to start off my saturday. The things i can get done when i dont drink are amazing
ahah! yeah i think i will!
Films by Michael Bay...
Hang in there Denver!
I love it! You are do much fun to shoot. Thanks for letting me get you for Urban Weeds!
OMG, totally forgot! I'll get right on it! Missing you too!xoxo
If you say so :) *cough-iwin-cough*
I Got A1 Everything
oh, that is a frowny face :-( did you not locate it?
#Bananas #Charlotte. Welcome #Chiquita to the Queen City. The city you can't resist.
ah brandon!!!!!! And omg cannot wait, hate living in the west coast past watching SP late. What's new with you man??
never sir #STARGANG for life haha
Thanks a lot, Cole Hamels. It's lame to intentionally hit a player, but now you're messing with my #fantasy lineup.
I'm starving!
Do your salon windows talk? They should talk about beauty, hair, tanning, nails, etc. Whatever it is u do, ur street windows should talk it!
I sure didn't feel this way slumped in my seat during Game 6. RT flags last longer than 3rd basemen
Watching Joe Dirt.
Have we become cattle, g-pigs and sheep?
I honestly don't like how you're acting. ~.~
i know. The next time will probably be your birthday at the rate we r going.....
Narrating the scene just made my life a whole lot easier. Thanks
Good Morning and Happy Friday, looks like a beautiful day even with the rain!
I went to the rest room too
i have a sinking feeling that i'm going to have to review all of my sources in the next week and a half.
enjoyed connecting w/ healthcare leaders & colleagues @ ACHE CEO discussionpanel last night. powerful insight in2 mind of successful leaders
This week is going to be phenominal
i went 2 c Orlando vs. Knicks didn't go so well at #knicks has to pick up the effort! Magic won! Lol
We LOVE #WineWednesday! Not only do we have $10 off any bottle of wine, but we also have flamenco guitar from 6:30-9:00PM
...so to speak, WRT to sucking
I need u to mix that song as best as possible
This Holiday Season came out of nowhere!
Finished reading the Steve Jobs bio. Very insightful, inspiring and a hell of trip. Talk about being driven and focused!
I know! And thanks, lady, for all the help and getting that story into shape.
i can use some support! I am also trying to make a #meetup twice this month to raise money, any ideas?
Just a reminder that all student applications for Practicum are due today. We can't wait to read them!
Don't forget to support your Hoyas over break!
So...no skiing to work this morning. Shoveling the driveway for an hour straight took it out of me.
predators in an upset
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than thought, and action more quickly than conscience.
we are all for that!
I need to make it nobody go hard like me.
talking about social media patterns #infoneeds highlights his breath and knowledge
What type of librarian do you want to meet?
#ItsAboutTimeWeLetGoOf the past and move on. Forget what hurt you, but don't forget what it taught you.
Likewise. If there isn't a major trade tomorrow I'm going to be pissed
The retina resolution makes everything super tiny. It's too many pixels for its own good!
we have agency in our houses of worship. and if we don't, we have agency to find a house of worship that respects us, yknow?
come to omaha on your next tour with and ill bring you MiO :) <3
That would be good. Good luck.
DYK? Barbara Jordan,1st Black person 2 deliver keynote address at the Democratic National Convention is a member of DST ..
Sweet dreams!
Happy Mother's Day mommy! Hope you have a wonderful day! :) xx
No #rooftop toursm 4 Gus. #Seamus aptly named.#Mitt was 4ward thnkg naming #dog 4 what he'd do for the #Romneys in 21st Century
Awesome! RT : Great! Had a performance Friday Preparing for another this thurs w/
Only low life's bring kids into an argument! #PunkAssBitch who says things about kids? You're so grown and mature though right?!
:-) That was most definitely a S/O to you!!
-Dirty Player! :D
Sometimes I get goosebumps by how sick some of my work turns out.
And Darius Miller has now played in the most career games in school history.
Thanks for the shoutout!
I'm obsessed with you baby.
There you go, flauntin' your *literacy* again. *sigh*
RT : Oh, I love that. They all get to leave with something in their hands. <YES! That's important .
lyrical, miracle, spiritual, individual criminal, in your swimming pool!"
of course not....cannot wait til tomorrow 8 central chi-town bound!!
Look at you, G. Throwing those meteorogical terms around like you own the place. Bow echo.....
You got about an hour more than I did.
He needs to be dismissed from the program. Classless!
Yeah, I'm a risk taker.
Got drunk last night trippy mane finna do it again tonight
Drinkin Ol Grandad you got a problem. Woodford? You got a solution. RT : Woodford Reserve. I clearly don't have problem
everybody gonna be drunk as hell tonight lol
I never believed in the Friday the 13th curse...until today. Food allergies are a pain in the neck :(
im sitting in this little office eating donuts on a saturday morning waiting for these dweebs to pick up their trucks im bored
RT SouthSideiRep_ maan, is there anything money cant do
Underserved populations are adapting to mobile quickly - 1 bill/mnth, don't need home phone or computer. #nonprofit (via )
Happy New Year's Eve? What is on the agenda tonight?
WHAT!!!! No frickin' way...HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMIN!!!!
they're already looking into it. Ill try following up with them directly. Thx
NP Robin! Glad 2 c u in Twitterland, with all that wisdom God's given u!
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman we all love you! hope its fantastic! :) <33
it makes it too tempting to add the whole kitchen sink. Every TOC feed, every widget. Not a selection.
I vote that we get the goon squad together and go to a pirates game!(:
Did McCain said "regrettably Long Island is part of United States of America..." What's that even mean??!!
Well, we survived Friday. . .
funny how it really is a choice some days. Always a great decision though.
tonight gunna pop! Rooms at the W hotel for after party!!!
1: check your email. 2: start driving.
Wide awake........ "Maintain momentum and act accordingly!" #Hungry &
Old Transformers>>
That was TOO freaking close! O_O
It's all true, especially the part about me smiling...
Every time I finish an HTML project I feel absurdly proud, like I just climbed Mount Internet.
Parade in honor of Our Lady down our street in Madrid at 1am, marching band and all...no big deal!
will you promise to model whatever you buy ;)
The best ideas come as you fall asleep.
I am too old to be waking up at 3am. This baby of mine is aging me in dog years.
Texting drunk is hilarious hahahahaaha
Pulling a late night at the NFL Network...if you have any breaking news regarding the NFL...send it my way...
lol I'm thinking it will be lots of fun
have you heard any of nickelback's new stuff
Operation slow down 465 is in full effect! Cops are everywhere around the big circle. No more 75 in a 55 peeps.
the non-tour stuff is usually on anvil, which is pretty industry-standard. :>)
When the rate of change outside the company exceeds the rate of change inside the company-the end is near. Joe Grimaldi rocks.
Bed is calling, but so is one more episode of Game of Thrones.
thanks so much for following!!
": I feel really wierd wearing sandals to school My feet are all open and shit" LOL OMG. Idk why I'm laughing so hard.
going out tonight...what's new
I feel so sick right now. :((
Had so much fun today. I got a fake husband, 2 fake daughters & sat on a "bench",folding chairs,&pretended 2 eat ice cream. Life of an actor
I love that show!
Enjoyed talking on SuperTalk Radio with Marshall Ramsey this afternoon. Thanks for helping us spread the word!
The future of cheques remains in jeopardy with specific plans needed to restore faith in the payment option, according to Age UK.
DM = Direct Message. as in private. You can only send private messages to people who follow you.
They ARE! I have THREE slap band watches. I wear them all the time!
yep! Here till Thursday am so I can take the child safety workshop. Makin dinner for the house tonight. Maybe you could come?
#occupyla needs someone homebound to google-map reports of cops staging at lots, stations, parks, etc. 2 many rumors. need real recon.
LMAO! Shut Up! :D
Special thanks to for making the trip and supporting our boys
Thanks. Your pic is better--beautiful sky shot. Took pic with 1st gen camera phone in '04 after my shots ripped net off rim.
Did U know? According to CDC most of sodium we eat (about 80%) is not poured from a saltshaker, but found in processed & restaurant foods
a lot of luck too my friend; and maybe a blowout by somebody...
Holy cow. I can't believe this is happening. A lot of people will see this as a road block but I see it as a blessing. Holy man.
I'm just going to come right out and say it. I can make one mean freaking Excel spreadsheet.
#LoveGames are for kids, foreplay is for freaks. Booty Tag
RT : just got off the phone w/ Eddie Bocanegra. He's doing great work, inspiring us to go where the issues are....
The dissapointing moment when you realized Kony 2012 had nothing to do with free Hotdogs. The Park Sports Bar tonight 21+ Free all nigh ...
DONT EVER RETWEET ME AGAIN BITCH!
If you discuss music or sports, I'm in.
if you bet on the giants to beat the packers, you got a tasty Greek salad w/shrimp- paid for by :-)
it did. Love how it looks but couldn't use it because of the drain. Not familiar with Klip but will take a look. Thanks!
true (then we have to go back to Plato uugghhhh). Good to see you tonight! Reminder about next Thurs forthcoming :)
Everybody go follow the manager
#CNN confirms: Sanford, FL Police Chief Bill Lee will resign, after coming under fire for the handling of the #TrayvonMartin case.
#OffLine :P Dawn will be on her acct.
good suggestion :-)
I remember that article, but who is St. Robinson?
My day is berly ending.. -__- Damn what a day
great fight can't wait for the others tonight!!
absolutely! So honored to be part of our state's big day!
i dont like you... leve me the hell alone -___-
If any of these draft picks tell Suzy Kolber they want to kiss her tonight, I will buy their jersey tomorrow.
smh.... game is not that important
I love that show.
listen to "Everything Works If You Let It" and then tell me you don't love Cheap Trick. .. You'll love Cheap Trick!
got you!!!
#GIANTSCHAT Hey Lance Thanks for holding it all together all season!
Kris Jenner on the Today Show: "I'm not here to be Kim's personal spokesperson." ...um, then why are you here?!
ALEX! Will you be in NYC for Austins CONCERT?!
goshh drijack i will dude okay ! i get out june 1st
So apparently Joomla sites are only properly viewed on something other than Internet Explorer now?
Smtm I forget 2 say hi, smtm I forget 2 reply, smtm my msg doesn’t reach u, but it doesnt mean I forget u.Im just giving u time to Miss me.
Hey guys,we are so sorry we messed up your plans last night.Everyone seems to be on the road to recovery.Thanks for the tweet
I'm looking and I'm frowning
Looking forward to a god #weekend!
Ditto RT : #ASTD2012 Still reeling from 's fascinating talk this morning.
i hate when people dont practice before they try and record
creepin on my tweets, I see. ;)
lolol “: RT : I just ran into a guy who says i dont do it myself”
no problem. Happy Thursday!
Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall - KOLD-TV Fireworks still a fire threat despite wet fall KOLD-TV AP Entertainment News Vid
Isn't it obvious who's been missing who the most?
RT : No hables de los rayones de mi auto, es mi punto sensible :( //that is the mark of a hater. Cowards are who we live wit
My soul's had enough Chicken Soup.....Now it wants CHOCOLATE
im sad and upset that i cant try your new pepsi flavors... sorta feel empty inside. Thinking about buying a coke.
the new desktop app for windows rocks.
the correct question is "why are you up this late?" As for the answer to that question, I can't sleep and have to be up at 8:30 Yay
WW2 vet throws out 1st pitch. Outstanding!!!
Made my flight. On to Denver for 4 days with my mentor, 25k a month adsense earner, & CEO of snap in media, Cary Bergeron!
About to shoot some hoops with my boy
The dog was so matted that they coulnt tell what the breed wasit took 2 and a half hours to shave it and the dog is a shitzu it has <3 worms
Successfully taught my best friend how to play a sweet bass guitar. Girl band is official. Expect music soon. Tomorrow.
Man people that started following me forever ago, are starting to unfollow me. WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS?? D: lol
I hate people who tweet articles about themselves
Take two bottles of wine and hold them up in the air. That's how you keep your spirits high.
Our song is the way you laugh
"The Notebook" is trending my fav romantic movie and my future husband in it lol
How do I make RSS feeds of your guys channels and shows?
Jacobs Pavilion. It's downtown Cleveland, behind the Power House. Let me know if you want tickets.
The way I look at it is I'm good without friends cuz at the end of the end u find out it better to be by urself & I'm happy wit that
WE have $50 do I hear $60? RT i'm contributing $50 to the wear the greenman suit fund :D
now the creepers will come
Marketing projects managed by committee typically lack creativity, focus and persuasion.
ha ha!
Contracts/Property Grind.
I hate jet lag ah :(
fried cabbage, hamburgers w/gravy & some rice
#TallTomComment love it
One day my prince will come...and he'll at least be a cartoon that's supposed to be a human, not a robot.
Tonight at Arsimonas lounge they will be playn music..#YAY! If you in the bay area make sure you show ur support..
The best thing about using sarcasm on the internet is that even people who are thinking the exact opposite will agree with you.
Okay I will :)
Dibs! :) RT : 2 word obituary: Game over.
#HappyMothersDay to all you wonderful Moms out there! Have a fabulous day!
The day follows me, Is the day the world ends ... But i can wait
Instead of zoning out or doing moderate-intensity cardio all the time, mix in some high-intensity intervals twice a week.
aww, group hug.
So in essence, Olbermann abused his power. Thank you for clearing that up,
: Ah! I have plans, but want to hang with you and AM really soon. Let's make it happen.
I think you're really just losing your sassy touch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
We utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Tits>ass
Thanks to our new followers , , and You make us feel so popular!
First you drop it in the toilet, then you get pissed for about 3 hours and then go back to your old phone.
Women & Men ’s Comfort Fit Titanium Wedding Band – 6 mm
My friend Paul's only 2 excuses to explain his behavior. 1, he's polish and two he's from new York. Does this work for you?
We'll be in Lafayette with my parents or we would. Thanks for the invite!
i'm already in a bad mood shutup
I wish I was walking for the cure today ):
Still in La Crosse for another hour at the main library! We've seen 100 people and one man with $13,000 coming back to him!
great, hope u enjoy. I'll enjoy my .
How different life would be if we didn't think in terms of dollars and cents.
I did it. Still hate seeing myself on camera, but the days of letting that stop me are coming to a close. heal + create videos coming soon!
Another weekend of great football...
Safe travels to everyone on their way to Chicago! Looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
Isn't the cutest? We need a cougar on campus, that's all I'm saying.
#download Get it while its free ! #ROCKxSOUL LP
Y'all ready for ten Steelers tomorrow!!?!
A Cabin In The Woods is a comedic spin off of the hunger games.
Every multinational company should have to pay a basic minimum tax. American manufacturer? You should get a bigger tax cut.
I hate homework :(
Luna, tweet something nice!
how about you give us (twitter) the first and last 140 characters?
A Classic!
I heard they're all playing First Ave this summer. Better make it back to
Thanks for the follow! would be a great follow for you :)
#Brewers were 12-12 at this point last year, 14-20 on May 8, and went on to set the franchise record for wins.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
In forever getting compliments on how healthy, straight, and shy my hair is^_^
gaaaahh I miss you too bro
doing homework cause I couldn't go to dance:/
lucky! lol i get to go in march. how is it there?
Observation: maybe because of who I follow but... generally #Badgers hate Sue more than the
The Lacey Transportation Committee has only met twice this year, yet at election time they pandor and say they are for fixing our trans woes
#ro12 Rouge Orleans! The only place to be!
At least pretend like your not a slut, you must want everyone to know
Aint nothinggood to do in the auditiorium so music.
Well when we hang out at BDubs or something, we can have our laugh and clown sessions
just a question! I do not understand this but is Jamie not Bonnie's brother?
Haven't brewed a batch at home in a bit. I'm starting to get the itch. Might have to part the sea of boxes and rifle out a batch this week.
"As Ray watched Mirabelle walk away he feels a loss. Only then did he realize how wanting part of her & not all of her had hurt them both."
Happy Birthday To Me Dawg :D .
Aw Thanos, you're a hoot. Come by the cabin anytime bud. I'll leave the light off for you.
You would shut it down
look at this
I'm in DC now. Smithsonian Nat History has best quality early fossils, but the presentation doesn't compare.
it's okay but I would prefer to be at home :D and I enjoy talking to u ;)
very. Apparently the scientist whispered to Rick "were all the walking dead". And I know who dies next!!
I MISS YOU MORE BOOBIE! :*
prepare for Twitter spam--I rant a LOT!!
Learn to set limits and strategically work fitness and health into my workday. Keeps me energized and focused.
A special prayer goes out 2all who were effected by the storms this week. We'll also pray 4those who r presently experiencing life's storms
misunderstandings are hard especially when its on the other end of the prob. just remember all the loving fans u have that care
Oh okay cunt
too tored... To spell :) I feel ya. Lovey youh my dear friend
So sick of my "friends" treating me like shit.
Hating on football? Your whack.
Will there be any narrative or documentary film commemorating/emerging from 28 Seeds?
No you cant eat wasabi.
Just reading that makes my heart hurt. Who could harm a child!? Ugh.
Life is like playing chess with God. Your moves are called Choices- His moves are called Challenges. ~Anon
You can take the challenge with us! RT sure wish I could make it to the Fit & Fabulous event!
Why are things called infographics now? What? Were all previous graphics devoid of information?
Yeah, if you can't get the ideal combo, I guess #Bengals getting a pair of defenders from nat'l champ #Alabama doesn't hurt.
Oh, those family moments. <3
Thanks RT : #FF List of greatest people I've had pleasure to work with:
Thank you!
we all can be dreamers for the rest of our lives if we truly believe it.
i love your profile pic
we still dont understand this twitter movement
Very busy day in the office today! What are you doing to unwind this weekend?
Micheal woods killed last night ! Had a blast
which is?
Bought 2 lottery tickets a hour ago.
Boarded up windows after May Day protests. New this am - how SPD is hunting vandals, & what group says "fear mongering" led to damage.
Damn, damn, damn, damn!.
I hope you follow me and tweet me but I love you and your amazing and you make me smile! :)
Good morning socialmedialites! I have an opening for a mid-level C#/.NET developer in South Jersey with a fantastic company that has a team…
yeah u know looking gud
1000 on black. Actually red.
Why do dogs get so mad when you blow in their face but stick their head out of the window in the car?
#GCB = Freaking hilarious!!!!!!
Giants need a sack!
going to bed early because I have to be at work at 7:30
Deal. Fish tacos and drinks at Southbeach in OB some time...
had such a good shopping day. outfit for this weekend: check !
i am a 14 year old boy that wont to be a wrestler i live in ohio and was worndering if anyone could train me
Case study in action RT : RT : Example of #SocialMedia Crisis Comm Mgt live. Check out 's <- Tweet Stream
That moment when u get so high u consider not smokin anymore lol O_o
You've turned into everything you said you would never be.
I will go to war over you.
I predict that the next disruptive innovation in technology will be wireless charging for handheld devices.
I heard Austin gives great hugs. I want to experience one. I'd wear clothes made of super glue so he couldn't get me off though!(;
winning bin laden tweet goes to
Too much pessimism from White Sox tweeps tonight. Nobody like a moper. Let's Go, Sox!
"If Texas were a Country... Now don't get any ideas..." makes the jokes while talkin' SERIOUS BUSINESS.
we feel your pain....but "Games" are going to be so good!
I'm a coffee crackhead :-(
Preparing for workout. Arms day. And cardio!!!
For a tagline line I would def use committed, it just sounds more business like :)
God open doors and He also closes doors.
So good. So good!
i want YOU to be all mine.
I am Eating cake on my Birthday! thanks to the team here.
Great night with & ! Until next time, ladies! Happy St. Patty's Day everyone!
Nice innovation open house at Good student population here in Boston.
My wish is for you to see this tweet<3
About damn time
did he really eat it?
The fact that we have this conversation years ago and STILL won't admit girls poop and fart lmao -__-
Your words are my food, your breath my wine
anyone know who got #MVP of the #BCS National Championship..??
Khloe isn't really a Kardashian? That explains so much about why she comes out being the ballsy yet normal one! XO to Khloe.
If I've learned one thing in life, its that it goes on..! I just can't believe it was with you'
and the graphic nature...lots I had never heard about/considered lmao
My Aunt"But I don't wanna wear sandals!" Me"JESUS WORE SANDALS!"
And her name is now Paelyn. Oh. Alrighty.
Good to have some responsible parents on team so I could sunscreen Ryan.
Artists! Win 2 tickets to the WPA Gala! Best tweet on “Why I love WPA” before Friday noon wins! Use #wpadc to show us what you got!
Where does the Katy trail 5k end today? Is it a loop?
OMgosh just saw #Cartier commercial. #Epic should get an Oscar for best short feature film.
RT Good morning sweetie RT good morning love;)
putting off homework... like usual
LOL, I'm sure it's not that bad. RT : Awesome. For me, though, it's often a "hair don't" . Lol.
Heading into the audition... !!!!
What kind/amazing/wonderful soul wants 2 hook me up w/ tix to Nick Offerman aka at tonight? ??
Is some of the stuff on the scavenger hunt spelled wrong on purpose? Oh and Q should donate his iPad to the prize. :o)
Raining in DC, still in fourth inning, need to get to middle of fifth b4 Bryce HR becomes official...
thank you!!
Good morning, MVPs! Where are you going for #karaoke this weekend? What will you sing?
Of course! Anytime. How are ticket sales going?
Listening to Simon & Garfunkel this am. Yes it's dad rock, but know what else? It's pretty damn good
If only.
morning Trey hope you have a great day
Thanks for the response. I don't care for the dew but I wish you were still a Trailblazer. Good luck the rest of the season
2012 Phenom Camper ° Jr Phenom: Jeffery Sparks °Rising 7th °Darlington, SC °Travel Team: Pee Dee Elite °Power Forward 5’9
There is no coming back from a scorpion face tattoo
''I'm not a freestyle leprechaun!'' on writing me a poem on the fly.
Making Harissa, hummus and serving various cheeses for the oscars. Stewie's already got his tux on
Time to turn this business up to 11
If U spend your whole life waiting 4 the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine. ~ Morris West
Aight good, cuz I don't be throwing stickers around to just anybody! RT : I didn't say I didn't keep it. Lol
ruh roh.... Still have some puppy in there huh???
2.5 hours left of work. Nothing interesting online.
I can make a kit for kids no problem! What do you need?
i just hav nothin to tweet these days
What if you incoporated a body spin into every time you sign a receipt? First name --body twirl-- last name.
that's awesome! I think I should get a Beyond tattoo next haha
"Elephants love to have their tongues slapped." - Betty White
Faried is a BOSS. Hittin the free throws
When we got the word "panem" in Latin class yesterday, students in different classes independently mentioned Hunger Games.
It's a 3 game series and the have home field advantage once again.
Thoughts are with our fellow Texans dealing with wildfires this week.
30% OFF EVERYTHING today only! FREE wine an cupcakes from 1-2pm today!
if greed isn't good hon then maybe you should explain the rumors about your bedtime exploits!! girls want some too love!!
#yougetpointsif you respond quickly
I'm thinking about trademarking #ThirstyGirl. What the hell does that entail? Really want that TM though!
As I'm in a good mood 2day, I'll follow everyone who follow me 4 a few hours from now! So let's go, follow me now
Awesome #Northwestern young event for Mardi Gras in Dallas tonight. Go 'Cats!
Another good morning
time 4 a new 1,been on these 2 hot songz 4 the past dayz,gon take a break n start somethin else hot!
We've got the cure to beat these rainy day blues: Beta Sliders & Fool’s Paradise (our handcrafted cocktail with green tea-infused vodka)
Don't think I'm not Instagramming a shot of booze when the Packers draft. You better be ready!
Hmm..Better than Alex.. RT : Harbaugh is currently in negotiations with himself to return to the NFL and play for the
what up miss annie?! look at you being all cool and hip ;)
Chris Forsberg from ESPN Boston is up next to talk Olympics and the Celtics
There's been a guy on my bus holding a Tom Brady picture. He's done in for three days in a row. I'm confused.
Our condolences to those who were affected by the #tsunami in Japan
I'm just saying. I see a lot of you people supporting wack ass artists; yall wouldn't know real music if it hit you in the face.
NEW SHIPMENT MKORS WATCHES JUST IN ! FREE VALENTINES RAFFLE GIVEAWAYS!STOP BYE FREE BRACELET BEAD SAT/SUN MENTION TWITTER! WSLAST
i think it's a worthwhile way to connect - just another tool, and not something u have to check all the time.
Gotta love health class<U+E412> well you gotta love me because i made it up <U+E056>
Pretty sure that Bovada just reversed a bonus... check your statement
": "If I got a swing, I've got a shot." - Another great quote by Bubba. #genuinedude". What a great story!
The size of 's ass in the 'Starships' video is not real life. She's just great.
"Target the right journal." Seek advice from #AmericanU editors about placement.
And why it's not in anyone's best interest to be fat. And why we've got to stop stereotyping. :)
Just took a tour of the Greenwell Farms Kona Coffee! I have a whole new respect for my coffee!
Thanks Kevin - that's the kind of tweet I expect...! Have a great weekend
#BigRed Red Bryant now with as many career interceptions as Kelly Jennings (2006 1st Rd. Pick)
sending you love, continued strength and <U+263A>.
aww much love(:
9mil a year is A LOT for an unknown product. I want to see if he can sustain this. Once P get a scouting report
Proposal: News orgs abandon the word 'hyperlocal' in favor of just 'local.' We can even say 'localism' if we want to sound innovative.
stranger things have happened than scoring 4 runs off a #3 starter and a average bullpen.
Some things never change. I suck at this part.
thank you ron :-)
Goodnight beautiful people ;)
This time last week I made those "horrible" cookies/cakes... haha Yum now I can only dream about them! Have a great day
funniest man alive
Unbelievable. Just when I move to NYC books a show at the Fillmore Miami. "Just do it right, make it perfect and real."
YOU'RE SO BAIN
finally friday dnt even feel like goin to school going to anyways
are the #jets fielding a football team or the cover of tigerbeat?
We will be at the Vanderbilt
I want to live down here.
including watching him get burned for 5 touchdowns.
morning world. So far I've been hit on by a gross cabbie and got mascara on my eyeball. Now where's the train and who's buyin me coffee
But bro, He's hella sexy thoo. Ugh ! Fine as heeeeeelll
Be successful because you deserve it!
Oh #Heat game is getting goose-bumpy ...
oh that thing, yeah its fixed , cant believe people would get that mad over a joke.
You balln tonight?
RT You had me, YOU fucked up, now you regret it & IDGAF
Who still has a ticket for the play next week? D: I need to buy one!
What's up with all the pregnant models in Whole Foods? Springtime in Soho?
Tonights game proved the real die hards. I hate bandwagon fans. We don't have room for you. Your application's declined. Bye!
that would only have been ok if you weren't seriously injured & only ok because then she'd be in trouble
Our hometown is blazing with #NCAA Madness! Who do you pick for your Final Four? #CUBuffs? #CSURams? #Duke?
Where will You be this New Years Eve? To all My Twitters please be safe this New Years Eve and make 2011 the best year of your life..Peace
Somebody on FB just compared Obama's recreational pot smoking in college with Romney's high school gay terrorizing. o_O
My little sisters friend got a python. Lucky -.-
I wish my brain had WiFi
I got that, too. I'm still trying to wrap my brain around it.
Happy Mother's Day! :)
#Thankyou ! We all love you
I was under the impression Shaquille O'Neal tweeted at least 10 times a day.
i be telling niggas sometime just because you doing bizz with a fine chick that dont mean you got to holla all the time
Good Morning Have a Good Day :)
Well I wanted to go out tonight, but this rain is currently pissing all over my plans.
we throw it on ice in the summer. Try Jo's down on South Congress while you're still in town.
sounds good you know where I'll be, and tomorrow I'll be around for the games too
I can't believe I used to have a crush on them ugly ass hoodrats back in new waverly
is the platinum good? I've wondered, but never bought!
congrats on the trip! can't wait to see photos, I'm sure you're taking loads of them!
Morgan Freeman continues to inspire me...
That's the only super power you'd need.
Cause you my boo thang always ") you know who I am talking too «3
oh...i just got home and turned it on in time for the grand slam. #GOCUBS! :)
Thank you so much! I appreciate it.
likewise. #Boston will be represented! Psyched 2 create something cool
We just released v6.2.1 with support for My Uploads and Annotations. Insight + LUNA keeps getting better.
Watching Polyester. I love John Waters :)
A raise, 5 more weeks of vacation, 4-day weeks, a puppy, maybe even a window that opens ;)
Congrats to Matt Birk on winning Walter Payton Man of the Year!
More so yesterday, but I'll take it!
Never catch me off my square, or flustered.
Flea control should be use all year, even in cooler climates, please RT
Happy to hear you love our product! Shipping is pretty cheap, so you shouldn't have a problem. Safe travels!
Watching the boyz today so excited!:)
who wants my 2000th tweet?
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
it's not even that hard.
is anyone honestly under the impression that this past weekend was a first for faked injuries in the #NFL??
Trivia tonight at 9:30pm. Play for free drinks and even a cash prize!
dude you're dumb as _______ same sex marriage is no debate #JustSayin it's retarded and I'm callin ur man out lol
the devil wears prada
#whatIlearnedToday "the defenders of the earth" theme song was written by stan lee
Homes like this are why I got into Architecture... Inspiring! “: Hunter House is very cool!”
Sometimes I just miss Barenaked Ladies so bad. Shallow, I know, but still.
If my family and my hood loves me That's all I need real talk
Feeling so ill today but luckily listening to and watching their music videos makes me feel a bit better <U+2764><U+263A>
Or that sweet laser from Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!
#aci12 a special thanks to Peter Troast of for inviting me up to present on his roundtable!!
which your thoughts happen to differ when it hits a certain time. You pretty much confirmed what I just said. Haha.
Things thinks I understand: "In AE, export as QT in the format your main sequence will be in - with an alpha channel!"
haha yeah diff Jake. Thanks for checking us out!
Too much on my mind Tonight..
don't miss that flight son. Cya soon
I became friends with the singer and bass player
Today would have been legendary trumpeter Maynard Ferguson's 84th birthday. Still missing him. Happy Birthday Boss!
humming roberta flack in my head.
Dirtdobber Blues has been singled to be sold in premiere HOB retail locations!
I am the Paczki-fairy!
Whoops typo in my tweet *should
Done for the night! We start tracking tomorrow!!
finish my homework
yup knocking shit out like Mike Tyson.
Your tweets have just the right amount of snark!
random-- it's 20 degrees warmer there. I'm freezing my butt off
You should check out
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
Go for me!
good morning #Bestie! I miss your face;-) hope all is going well!! Gotta go in to work again from 5pm to 2am
#mindisrunning I thinking about a lot of things 1. and 2. It's not fair my sis and my mom get to go to Cali......
What are you getting dad/hubby for Father's Day?
sleepless nights
I can't see this idea of being 600 down and betting 25quid on one number not working every time!
Best friends share a meal in the desert; Guy with beard betrays; Prostitute helps; Friend believed dead for 2 days...
i'm about to buy some Khaki Cordarounds... if I love them can I come to san fran and have you sign them ??
3rd time's the charm. Sharks vs. Blackhawks Friday at 5pm - Listen live on KFOX
Remembrance day.... I wore my poppy 2day <3 RT if u did ;)
Had my rueda dance class this evening. It was so much fun. It's similar to salsa, but with a twist.
"And please don't talk to me about 'things as they are' being changed upon any 'blue guitar.'" - Maggie Nelson
You're a idget! You like hemroids more then Paul pierce? Sicko
playing chris brown remix fet. Rihanna in few min crazy dope.. Blast that dj!!!!
we did not mean to be exclusionary. That section is from our sister site & not sure why it was picked. I will pass on your note!
I jus fucked on her back.lol she took it like a pro.
Awesome day shopping with the best friend , now time for some pizza :D
Well good night #tweedos work in the AM <U+266C>haha they was sleeping on me Z <U+266C>
Playing The White House () tonight with
to beat your story length, they would need to read the Bible, aloud, in its entirety.
Tyga make it nasty video >>>>>>>
no more "skinny models" with eating disorders or under 16! Healthy is the new black..LOVE
Nah. Bubba didn't have baby teeth
Very encouraging to meet people that have heard of CityStreak in Nash and are excited about what we are doing!
will you be relaxing or having fun or both? :)
Suck a dick if you the boyfriend kissing the girls ass.
i hope you know how much looks like you, at least in his twitter profile pic. i seriously think it is u everytime
Only a couple days left to sign up for the Madden tournament. We need a lot more heads to sign up so spread the word!!!
Much appreciated--enjoyed the follow-up ? suggesting the candidate(s) answer the ? after their campaign talking points.
Night twitter
But mommy the emperor isn't wearing any clothes
My wife told me yesterday that if she could trade places with one person for a day she would be you for a day
Naw just beats only, are you looking for some tracks?
#RHOA #Kim could've really kept that show...cause I'm not here for it!
just seen thee phatttEST as cant be real lawd
i was thinkn about it but im scared to cut my hair
Be the change that you wanna see.
Cool! RT : RT : Biggest day for Etch A Sketch since 1961?
wrestling is real and you and cops are fake
So glad that he cancel class tomorrow at 4:00-550
so i should change my name to the 23rd
Jerry, + this 2 adverts :not easily impressed but seminar w/ was gamechanging Final hour like end of Usual Suspects
Ugh, I hate when I inadvertently read a book series out of order.
BOYFRIENDS ON THE RADIO HOLLA
great meeting you! Let's definitely get a beer in London and discuss more hiccup cures.
It is, eh?
ndsksjhsbw. Your perfect.
Today I'm making homemade vanilla ice cream and blackberry/raspberry pie. I might as well not even try for anything healthy in the meantime.
Tornado sirens going off...wind, rain, and wall clouds abound...fingers crossed...
I just forgot about it. I doubt anyone will do it.
Getting my hair done friday prolly!
Ed Hardy trucker caps are very terrible. Please advise. Kindest regards.
Now 7-7 in the NBA w/the Under winning in Boston last night. Tonight Under 179 Clippers vs Grizzlies. Good Luck!!!
Nigga I Still Bugg Off That Shit To This Day. That Nigga A Damn Fool!
Get well soon!
probly one of the better purposefully missed free throws I have ever seen. Usually throw see line drives that give no chance
And it will be a great chapter. Stay strong and game on RT: : On to the next chapter of my Life
Thanks to everyone that entered the Pitch Count Contest on our FB Page! Over 50 entries! =) Enjoy the game!
Q6 How abt "Marketologists" who embraces tech to harness connections, extend conversations + repurpose value repeatedly #swxengage :)
Happy Friday!! It's been a supercharged week. Looking forward to winding down for a relaxing weekend. My books are calling me......
your branching blackis to SD?
moday ms mayer told us
okay, whenever....you can then
Can't wait to shut his mouth. But Mayweather is running scared from Pacquiao. He comes out with all kinds of excuses.
1 more. Biting back. Wind has picked up.
I got hoes in different area codes.
When summer makes up shit i say?<<<
look at me, im black. Cool :]
yeah haha it stays interesting though
hi daughter hope your doing well
yes but only until 1
Under 12 hours to #DCtheatre's biggest cast, crew, and audience party all year, joined by special guest !
The president that has incarcerated and deported more #undocumented workers and parents in all U.S. history.
just getting underway in Cincinnati. Bring on the first team.
I challenge all those who oppose our move to the #pac12 to a round of fisticuffs; the first to fall must submit!
Come to our tennis match duh
My soul sings My soul sings out Only for you
Fight for your dreams and then your dreams will fight for you.
Wow there is so much great music coming out of Brazil. I'm loving it!
Time efficiency trials, Day 1: Gravity assisted rapid descent down spiral staircase - Fail.
well your a mother fucker ;) <3
RT SarahPalinUSA: “Commonsense Conservatives & lovers of America: ‘Don’t Retreat, Instead – RELOAD!’| Really, Sarah? Really? Crosshairs...
boy you've been my teacher and i learned , sex ain't better than love !
Vicky - I have to admit your daily tweetpaper has a really interesting name... :p
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection::: Michelangelo :::www.itsartnotstuff.com...Luv Art!
Waiting on rennee to text me back !
ever take the NIH "portion distortion" quiz? Google it!
YESS SHE'S DOING LOVE GAME I DONT CARE IM GOING EVERYDAY
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! My favorite holiday and the only one left focused on getting together with family and friends and giving thanks.
Thanks man. Happy to disappoint.
Nice game, Marquette! 10-0 for the first time in 10 years!
Already Got It. Sucker
Morning All back @ it...9-5
i guess if its a girl her name will be Brooklyn Carter :)
Well, #RAW is off to another exciting start.
I need a thousand tweets -.-
keep kicking ass and taking names. Life is a beautiful ride, people come and go but finding yourself is worth it!
Listen to kqv now to hear How to join us and get money for your biz
Re-watching today's game of vs. (even being at home, I couldn't watch it at it's fullest earlier) Good thing for DVRs!
Its Salsa Mondays at Dance Bethesda !! The Fun starts at 8pm. See you tonight!
quitting coffee on the advice of my doctor. brutal headache not even chocolate can fix.Maybe I should get a new doctor!
you are totally not fat you look really hot your sexy sweet heart !!!! love you keep being champ ok !
I just saw several 12 pass vans in the LifeWay Visitor Lot. I'd be lying if I said that that wasn't tough. Oh, camp, I'm gonna miss you...
DOJ said it can't provide "confirmation" on Full Tilt Poker rumors.
It's hilarious how quickly a person can go from being "Boo" to being "that BITCH." (not in the "cool" way)
if anything its worse.
About to watch the last game. I can't believe the season is over already!!!
20 more minutes. I hate school. #summervacation or #spring break?
I hope you're coming back to DC :-)
how's it feel being back in action
here at ready to die!
Thanks for the follow you hot thing! Give me a shout out to your readers, won't you?
*dishes money* make it rain RT"RoadToRichesss: *Makes it clap* RT "Speakmehmind: Round of applause b
Thanks for the RT mention!
YES!!!~ I'm not jailed anymore:D
Hey , is this a book signing opportunity? RT : If you're In LA Come meet me at the Grove tomorrow at 7
THANKS for the RE-Tweet we appreicate everyone spreading the word about free mental health services!
down!!! Bump set spike!!! Tomorrow??
I'm excited! The real question is, can I maintain excitement?
So I need information from gmail to finish my taxes, the one day gmail wants to be down... ugh.
Nice informative website
Every awkward/embarrassing moment is an exception being handled. :P
Are you serious!? Congrats boo! Tell Brian I have a bone to pick I wasn't asked permission!!! But I'm happy! Sad I can't see you
I am convinced that when someone has a physical or verbal fight with someone that they do not have it together...pause on the associate.
I hope everyone made it through the storms ok! Now make sure you do everything in your power to make this a great day!
This picture is an overwhelming display of facial expressions :-)
#skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that #JuliaRoberts and the #StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?
If you're young, you probably still buy into the concept that people shouldn't do things that are wrong.
hoverbikes, the way of the future..
no thank you !
Staying positive can really help you out when you are struggling on a diet. Remember why you are on it and what it is doing for your body.
i wish i work all the hours god sends. No time to party :(
Tonight with at Earth 18+! Same party new venue! Tweet to get in free!
#occupyla any news about the Japanese rail workers stopping a train for #occupyports ?
Come out to PURE Tuesdays! House music #EDM in PURE Lounge w/ Stellar & Tara Brooks! Open bar 4 ladies! Guest list txt 702.882.4982
Ha, is that sarcasm Stef?
Transmission is shot on my Caddy. $4 GRAND...I DON'T THINK SO. Time to go Car Shopping....! (YEAH!!!)
I'm good. How's the family?
To all my friends #BELIEBERS - much love for you girls!
I'm not doing anything. I should be cleaning my room >.<
any bday plans yet??
Anyone try Google My Drive yet? Looks like it "replaced" GDocs, much like the G+ Photos replaced Picasa Albums
Listen to music RT : What do you do when you have bad days ?
thanks, i'll follow you on my other acc later :)!
Can't really blame Axford, broken-bat single, bloop double in the gap that Rickie nearly caught, and a half swing base hit
Imma dogg and i eat that dog food...my fingers they itchin for that paper -Future
Will check out your list (thanks!). And agreed it is a great idea - we're onto it!
Officially a month since we been in the new place!!! :) #LovinIt Gonna have 2 have a housewarming soon!!
i think i'm ready.
So, "Mickey," who did 8 years in a psych ward and "just got back to Chicago on Sunday", decides to board my train and ask for – wait – $0.25
its too Damn cold out here anyway!!! No Cliff Jumping!!
#RT if u a lady and #OnTop of your shit!!!
it would be worth it trust me she wants you
EMTs just arrived at Bristol, reports of a man on TV having a stroke during halftime, reports of him speaking in tongues
all part of Peabody's holiday season concerts all this week and next!
It's easy, basically u reblog (retweet) or post whatever you want. The ppl u follow show up on ur "dashboard"
hey (: & that's good u helped him
James Knoblich presents ATT's Lunch and Learn Session
I'm going to read my intro and then give one example. Also guessing we'll want to aim for 2000 max
Hope your scribe enjoyed his stay in Portland. Sorry I missed his reading
This summer is Grind Time!
Yeeah. Someone help me remember tonight tomorrow
I will be back around the end of the month! Lots of projects happening while I'm down. :)
yup! Haven't gone in like 4 years 1 day for every year missed I guess
keep being so great for waiting!
Monday Night I have to flip between #DaBears and
I bet! Infuriating after all these years we had to deal w/ Amend2 backlash. Think we'd learn, grow & change.
Happy Mother's Day to all our Miami Moms! Thank you for making this a great city in so many ways. ;-}
Hard to write when ur drunk RT : ": It's Sunday Night...leave drinking up to the professionals.
What happens to the Veteran when the parades are over?
I know! It's my first. I've been told it will be the start of an addiction.
RT And yet we still take shots lol
benadryl is saving my skin
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!59
Busy morning rolled into a long afternoon thanks to an intense migraine. I have a few hours of research to make up for.
Calm down.;) Sorry, I had to.
Simulating first round of NBA playoffs on NBA2K and Knicks are winning so that means its gonna happen in real life right? LOL
savanna's tumblr is my favorite
A full cup must be carried steadily.
Prom alternative was great! I had a blast cracking up with my friends at the table. #Musicwithdrinkingglasses #scoobysnacks #stronghand X)
So with mistrial of Roger #Clemens, & looming trial, I'm thinking is this the best use of OUR $? How 'bout Wall St. Execs.?
lol yes while I'm smiling and waving <U+E412><U+E404>
at a casino, not gambling. I really need to pick a better Saturday activity...oh wait...there's the bar : )
Y'all tickle me with Friday Eve, lol. Any excuse to celebrate <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I'm glad you did.
I'm singing & a panelist @ "SISTERS ON THE MOVE," @ CLARK-ATLANTA UNIVERSITY, Sat. Oct. 22, 11AM. FREE event! On Business Entertmnt Panel.
He went commercial and thought he was better than he really was. Technically, he is a one hit wonder.
I havent figured you out. I said what U said was nasty, not that you're a nasty person We all make mistakes. So did breitbart.
cannot stand sitting next to person who has just come in from having a smoke ... vomit!
O yeah
On my way to Vegas!!! :) gonna go watch some soccer and see IMMORTAL tonight !!
I hear wants to tattoo welfare recipients with corporate logos also
Why do guys wear shoelaces as belts? I really hope you realize how stupid you look.
ICKY! heheheh. I love it!!
Going into 4 straight wks in the studio!.. I think I'm beginning to see the light at the end of the tunnel. 1Love
I want to help you enjoy LA a little more.
He's only gunna break your heart..
Made it to Alamogordo, NM last night. At least it's sunny...
Fb need to make a so the fuck what button
is that a pop tart u eatin????
'twas the beginning of a beautiful, musical friendship
Simplicity is the peak of civilization.
when this thing kicks off it a guaranteed book deal haha. Takes some convincing haha
Chris just tweeted the strangest song....ever lmao
Doritos, for breakfast?duh.
The keys on the pianos just keeps on going and going
hey,How are you this a.m.
#FreeCoffee in our office at 6339 Bunche Hall for 10th Week! Stop by between 10AM-2PM for your caffeine fix & donuts, while supplies last.
Yes it has! The scaffolding is gone but they're still working up there. We're just glad our view of the dome is back!
RT Making a mistake is the best way to *really* learn something. Have patience for the mistakes of others - we all make em!
I LOVE U! I LOVE UR MUSIC! U R AMAZING! R-T? FOLLOW?(: <33333
how was your date with ? (:
Got the official word that I passed my master gardener test! Weeds tremble at the sound of my name...
We're young wild & free
Spilled orange juice on my floor...how lovely,now there's a huge orange stain waiting for me everyday. You know cause who doesn't want that!
I want....I want some Skittles!
Red mango with Dominic
im smokin hot
Rock Make Fest Saturday! Awesome free music provided by + more. Brand new stickers from yours truly. 18th & Treat.
All Pro Dads Don’t Place Work Above Family
Respect it or check it
There are more than 1 million people living in the U.S. w/ HIV/AIDS. has been serving this community in NV for 25+ years!
What ever shall I do to celebrate my 170th follower?
RT : #210 T.G.I.F. #Fridays #GetFamiliar wit
Chillin with my best bud dave herro @ his b.day party!!!!!
kind of! But it's super cutesy girly
Foundational values of the Chicago pub lib were importance of community, the right to know, autonomy, advocacy
#ThatsWhatIHate when ppl lie for no reason
Great day yesterday, 2 hours sleep, now off to Chicago.
Home, sweet home.
Something inside of me is changing. This could be bad.
Oh you model? What's your agency... Facebook? Instagram?
Oh great, how was school?
all the whispering, feels like you're hiding in an attic in the netherlands.
Check Out DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pm-close.
did you try the beerfinder on our site at www.orangeblossompilsner.com?
GOD IS GOOD!
Great to hear about developments at the Library. Best of luck with the ongoing work.
Talking to Shawn :)
I love it when I'm given a project that makes me bring out all my design skills. Makes college debt a tiny bit less depressing.
Like Snakes on Plane. But nerdier. And terrestrial.
I told her ill give head when you get better at giving head...you're slacking
La Gitana brought out the tabla of torture out again tonight in class - sounds really good when you're in compas, but really bad otherwise.
If you are accepted, Dr. Quinn Capers, IV, Dean for Admissions, will personally call you today beginning after 7:00 p.m. EST!
Come join the fun
Thanks for the RT on the job openings! Appreciate it.
ouch. Please becareful. He is prolly so xcited to see you, he may not be able to sleep tonight. :-)
Thanks for continuing to be a loyal customer!:) RT : I've been taking Flash cabs forever. Whenever I was little..
Ok rapunzels hair in tangled is ridiculously insanely long theres no way that much hair can grown in 18 years
My name is long as hell =\
Hey all...working with Microsoft to promote the Silverlight player for IPL matches. Anyone else using it? How is it working? DM me.
Having a lazy Saturday playing on the puter
watching the grammys!!
Alien Encounters: Speculative and Imaginative Fiction by Writers of Color Thursday, September 2, 2010 at 6:30pm...www.afpls.org/aarl
Few friendships would survive if each one knew what his friend says of him behind his back." - Blaise Pascal
A rainy, cold, late-October-like weekend in Portland: in other words, it's been a good couple days to sit around reading submissions
Living Social ... at Tudor Place. Look for our twofer offer TOMORROW!
Wear that on Wednesday!
In the middle of the cleaning-the-whole-house stage of writing.
i wouldnt mind if mikey came up and started rapping in my ear
my loss is shockeys gain
The HEAT will rise from the flames!! (i hope lol)
Check out idorable.com, iPhone app I made for a buddy. It will get you laid. :) Cute kittens/puppies/etc. 1000's users already, simple UI.
I don't agree with it personally, but I don't harbor any hate towards those who choose that lifestyle
Watched the finale of #NBCTheVoice and now I can't stop singing "I Believe I Can Fly".. Was singing out loud biking around SF
oof RT Oh dear. W/review book today: a package of M&Ms, specially printed. "Review me!" they say. I feel guilty as I crunch.
We are open today! And the sun is shining....great day for a smoothie! Try our Pina Colada Blast.
Thanks Derrick!
Party At Whore Hey Crib! Straight Bitches!
good combo :)
thank you =)
"However weak a signal we send down the conductor of history now, it can be amplified later on." #kodm preserve what you can now!
I just hope nobody beats me to it, heh
Where's my cousin? I want new apps. He finds the coolest apps to download. Did I mention he's 12? Lol
Lol I believe u :) Bro
Ha! If only.. RT : A2 #TTOT best tip for sleeping on airplane: UPGRADE TO 1st Class
Atleast she had respect for his girl other then that Britt girl
Totally silly to see you. Miss ya, gal. Bev
I'm proud of everyone that showed up in their cold weather gear tonight.
Yup. Things seem to be going my way :)
that is, um, quite a lot of tobacco. I'm a little short this week.
I love looking at other girls' #SF fashion on the bus. (No I'm not staring creepily at you.) So many haute ladiezz in this city!
Seriously can't stop thinking about moving into a bigger rehearsal studio. Let's hope it happens tonight!
Without knowing exactly what you want you won't be able to erect the boundaries to safeguard from getting consumed by your business.
Just bought gas for $3.49 a gallon. Sad that I got excited... But I did!
Clippers vs Grizzlies used to be a matchup for the worst record in the league/lottery pick...now it's a primetime game in the
happy v day
really bruh ? U know what u right I can't play like u dnt exist cuz u r a constant reminder of a mistake I made. Troof
Nice! Traveling...fun times :)
Heartbroken friends shouldn't give you relationship advice .... #me&you not them too hahha
You compete with yourself, no one else :)
could be used for hunting. Wait nevermind.
loving sophie and bugsy!
What's the best #Cleveland bar for Thx giving eve?
I'm outraged at what the price is gonna be for the new map pack on MW2. did they not make enough money selling the game. COME ON MAN!!!!
good morning!<3 how r u!:)
i dont think it's gonna go farther than just friends with benefits. oddly enough, im kinda ok with that.
Lol so this lady took like 15 minutes putting gas, and then she gets in her car, and gets back out to smoke a cig. Lmao people these days!
Also, my hair is unrecognizable. We're talking episode of Friends where Monica had to get cornrows in Jamaica levels of size.
Happy International Women's Day!
Why do girls picks places to eat in #Boston that don't have Cheap #Beers? I refuse to pay $10 for 2 beers!! Get a 18 pack of #PBR for $10:)
It's always fun listening to someone's lie when you already know the truth.
An old wushu classmate did motion capture for Star Wars Kinect. She is the master light saber trainer.
i just got the Lumia and was thinking of doing an "android user's take on Windows Phone" but think I'll pass
Never felt closer to my little sister. We are literally tied up for today.
I have always wanted to talk to in real life that's y I wanted to FaceTime
This Ginger smells like ginger! Just got the wild ginger, tea tree oil experience at #supercuts!
We just got out of rehearsal about 50 minutes ago. Good session! Bummed about missing Delta Spirit at Webster Hall tonight.
I loved it it was long as hell though
Why does your Droid Bionic battery suck SO BADLY? You just expect everyone to shell out an extra $25+ for the extended battery?
Them bitchz on the show r gonna b hating,u were so fucking dope! Keep doing u we loving it!!
Sounds good.
“: “: feelings don't just go away” unless your ” you're* but yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity,Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW
Very cool!
communicated w another student, Priscilla, via email, Twitter re movies, teaching practice
good night x
Okay we won't say anything. All I will say is to be ready to scream :) Good luck on your audition
2) Witness one of mans most significant signs of eternal Love - Taj Mahal
they said they kno who killed biggie
congrats on a great game last night. Can't wait for Sunday.
Why u mad bro ?
I guess i'll try that thing yall call sleep. the dream team.... goodnite Humans
Currently in development of our website. Where you can purchase TA products.
Good luck on the 50miler!
way to put a positive spin on it. You are clearly a great mom
ok i gotyou can u go on skype
In one of the longest meetings every....why am I here!!!! Lol
I'd be careful - who knows what's going to happen to the guy. My hubby says he'll shave after the first weigh in!
RT : Taking time out r lives 2 consider the needs of others gives us what we need to complete ourselves.
Farewell Dr. Billy Taylor. Educator, Humanitarian, Jazz great, founder of Jazzmobile, husband, friend to many. R.I.P.
thnx so much, really appreciate it!
My snap ranking: Sigarda, Wake, Township, Sledge, Hierarch, Finks, Pridemage, Lion. But I also don't know your criteria
try singing it in Spanish. Don't think you've done that before.
Will you be using any interesting props today, Mr. Lazarus?
Vogel still cocky.
Finally home
God bless wandering minds cast parties.
An Elon Musk project delayed? Why I never...
any idea if Frank Minnifield's son is on their radar? Have they worked him out?
If we can put a man on the moon, we can put a man on the moon with a pizza-cheeseburger hybrid, dammit.
yes Gwyn looks amazing! Tom Ford always does me good
watching the polaroids dvd. Forgot about the hollywood hair in 'round of blues' lol! Shawn cleans up good!
are you going to kome and sing #stuttering for me... Or round midnight
UUURRRGGGHH. Facebook is down for "maintenance" .Try back in a few hours?
Flack for a Sen. just told me that she can't speak on the record or off-the-record. What are they gonna do next? Hire mutes?
I still have that burn mark on my arm from falling on Dave's car
I could really go for a massage right now. My back on 10 from last week's workout..
WARNING ***** THIS IS A CRAZY GIRL WHO LIVE IN SWITZERLAND AND CAN´T HER DREAMS NOT LIFE CAN U HELP ME TO MAKES MY DREAM TRUE
Thanks man! Why didn't you come over and say hey?
RT Prototype of new Top Shop iphone in hand. Looks durable. Will get Naomi to test it on her maid.
Alright youg pretty good haha how long have you been playing?? also you should smile more =DD
The perfect weather for the beginning of the Week of Decadence.
6 Nights Left in our Apple A Day Giveaway! Watch Big Bang Tonight @ 7 & 7:30 & you could win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch!
For sure, it will be so nice to see you. :)
Well I guess I'm goin to in SD on the 20th. Thx see you soon cc:
We don't want to quit you! RT : Me & have this food affair......either one of us just can't let go.
Motorcycle is bucket list. Driving a motorcycle off a dock on a lake is f*ck it list. :P
Good point by Sen Schneider student is technically not enrolled on school during summer
Gooch is starting for Sporting Lisbon today. Currently its half time and they are down 1-0 to Paços de Ferreira.
Hi everyone - hope you're having a productive day! Working on anything exciting?
I got Triceps and Cardio. #SWOL is the only way I know!
Indie kid: Chloë Sevigny on sex scenes, internet lies and loneliness - The Independent
How many years ago did that come out, like 4? Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced. $30-$40 for 2-4 eps.
On tour tomorrow . Any friends in Miami?
: looking forward to your tweets! Pink hugs, Lisa.
A day off is when I only make/take 50 calls instead of 100.
Client interviews all day today. Strategic guidance will lead to targeted design.
Funny I'm getting resistance against my statement about hope. I say it's not what drives successful people to take action
GODDAMN spurs u scary
Lol .! Have you saw the my girl remixx .! # excited
Pretty good! They chase each other around. Minimal hissing.
just learned I can save albums i like in #pandora right to #diigo by clicking on them... cool!
"Crossed by the Border-A Historical Geography of the US/Mexico Borderlands" Carrie Mott
Nigga you know ! they playing shit everywhere YOU go!
That awkward moment in the bank drive thru when the teller asks "Hi! How's the little one? Getting big?"
I wish someone would create a show that mixed Finding Bigfoot with Ghost Adventures... entertainment overload
You are witnessing & reporting - ur version of going to Mass, as u said. Hard to do even that, right?
I am trying apple cider vinegar . . . anyone else do this???
I am so sleepy today.. wtf I can't even keep my eyes open. more coffee stat!!
facilitating a session on advanced development and use of personas.
beautiful, hot!
Memphis can believe NOTHING! Hahaaa
RT : RT : How will #3DPrinting change the world? Tweet by Monday for a chance to attend where our very...
- Glad to see you will be at #ASTD2012...Yukon is too - we'll stop by to say hi in person. :)
I really need to find the time to update this more often
Why you over here? Where you come from? What sport you play? O.o
Act like a lady THINK like a boss (;
sure was... “: Powerful NBC story by on former Saint Steve Gleason's battle with ALS.”
when is your phone cominq back on Sweetcakes??
just wrapped up a very staff productive meeting.
awkward moment when twitter said you favorited something you didn't...
Nothing beats the smile you make when you've realized you are completely and utterly screwed.
RT Girls want to look perfect for a bunch of guys, but a woman only wants to look beautiful for one man.
I seriously love ! Such an amazing message <3 Love you guys!
Can The record labels be in the U.S.??
Still no power. Going to sleep, hope everyone is OK
“: #RiseandShine - name one healthy thing u'll eat today! :)” oatmeal with bananas for BF after good workout.
#ThatsSexyAsHell when he hit it to the beat lol
So since you are taken I have a new crush on that Nats guy named Bryce Harper..think you can introduce? cc.
Lets just hope I'll get over you.
he gotta lose some time lol
If the truth be known, most successes are built on a multitude of failures.
Still catching up on work, cleaning fish tanks. Wireless is down at home... I'll be back to Twitter tomorrow, I hope
Why is it that on Grand Theft Auto you have to do missions ? i never do them ..(:
these words mean a ton. I do so want to love Him more and more. xxoo
I want some Eskamoes on the cool
CD101fm Music Meeting-Sleigh Bells “Tell Em” Lot going on in this… tired of the electronic though
By love you mean doesn't miss at all right??
keeping up with the kardashians tonight gonna record it while i watch the TCA!PLEASE FOLLOW ME i voted 4 ur sisters:D BIG FAN
Bout to be Killin zombies with on the 60in.
This guy wants to make some new friends. Who wants to talk?
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
she only got it so she can have Pinterest... Baby steps cuz she thinks twitter is dumb
Morning, kitty kats.
yeh, let's get together for a drink! Bus Boys at 5th and K?
at beckas house!
Pig roast is 3/12 from 4-8pm. Want an invite? We're trying to keep things intimate, so it's invite-only.
Ah what a morning!
I wanna be a YouTube partner.
I think I'm gonna go watch this old show my mom used to love I don't know if you guys ave heard of it but it's called "Candy" Lmao XD
Check out Wayman Tisdale version of "Aint No Stoppin us Now" groovin from start to finish!
Join us tonight at Diva for a very special Pre-Thanksgiving Party with a belly dance performance by Nese and music by DJ Savas.
Homemade Chinese turkey meatballs with fresh ginger, bok choy & yum sauce. With beer. & cookies
tweet more! =)
I love the holidays. Three more fifths and I will be whole!
Not Me! mentioned missteps by John. I was just curious what he thought where the issues.
We'd like to take a moment to remember all the victims of 9/11.
Nice! You guys have a big fan in Cody Keep up the great work!
Its hard to believe that I will not be watching football this weekend...
lol i aint got a ride to bank so cant get money so no bud
The last few weeks 1 question keeps coming up "how do I print the online authorization form"? Answer it's electronic no printing needed.
Wish I could say the same!
Sucking dick dont make you a slut or a whore js.If your pleasing your man thats all that matters.It only matters how many you do
Not okay. NOT okay.
Like. Like. Like.
Do you do paid tweets? email me
Future is bright in Augusta!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
always love a beautiful smile!!
IRAR = Internationally Recognized Awesomeness Representative = me! xD
take a fan out...just saying.
Judge sets bail at $150K for George Zimmerman, who is charged in Trayvon Martin's death. Zimmerman apologizes to family for loss of son
no more LA ? Are you doing good I miss u
If you fall, get up and try it again. -Juelz Santana
I recommend more smartass and less filter: you're AWESOME!! x
shut up ^OH I JUST DID;D
Jazz personality. G mentality. “: I can't get enough of the remix of Aaliyah- Back and Forth. Love it!”
SNF, you get the same patients over and over and over. Medicare is getting tight also
yup. Same old digits. Call whenever. Both days are pretty flexible. And thanks!
Carmelo needs to retire ASAP
We've got something for everybody-vegetarian, vegan, or carnivore. It's all delicious. it's all good for the environment and you!
.listen to the people. Increase tax for the rich and companies.
Where did my Maybach go?
I hate sitting around waiting for you to text back.
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." Bertrand Russell
What you up to now Sawyer?
Derek Jeter is the only player to win the All-Star MVP and World Series MVP in the same season. (2000)
Yes, if you embrace the #EeroSaarinen vision RT Were mobile airport lounges ever cool?
Yep, Rice has 1 game lead over MB & Holton. 2 games over me. 6 to go...time to make my move :)
RT : Near perfect night! #Rockies win, saw &amp; talked to &amp; (who were freakin amazingly ni ...
Which conf, Heather?
Sadly I won't be able to have them for a while after surgery on Tuesday :(
Life is short and one day you're no longer going to be here; that's all the motivation you need.
can't stop listening #SaySomething <3 proud of u! :D
But...why bring it up now? Will you bring it up if no B1G (<---can't believe i wrote that crap) makes the final four?
certainly! all the best to the new enterprise!
Dang! POPO be all up in NONO! Maybe is listening!
I did! very refreshing lol ur life should not revolve around this shit
Feeling #blessed with love and support right now.
Love the madness!!!! RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Y'all. WHY?! RT : Rick Perry called Kim Jong Il "Kim Jong the Second"? *HOLLERS*
One lane of Northbound 29 is closed near airport from house fire nearby.
We also have two codes for Nuclear Dawn - #freegamefriday - we'll throw those in! That means we're giving away SIX games today!
I didn't know #flightoftheconcords wrote muppet song; how cool!
At a local football game!
Clippers will keep taking those turnovers if you're just gonna hand 'em to us.
Keep us updated about ur music :)
How many in your group? We are looking forward to serving you :)
it's gonna be so freakin' hot for pants and boots tho, thank god there isn't a dress code. Make it werk!!
Wonderful to see old friends and meet new ones at Malice Domestic. Here until tomorrow and then off to Festival of Mystery in Oakmont, PA.
am?! That's the only time offered?
hungry and tired
The Colts will play the Saints in Super #44. I will bet on the Colts since they have been there before and this is a first for the Saints.
RIP Jim Marshall
This sub is the chilliest .
and what would u do if I did
hey homie are you feeling better?
Business is not about the competition, just like in sport the game is never about the opponent. It's about being your best!
Thanks to all the men & women who gave their lives to protect us & provide us with the freedoms that we enjoy every day! Happy Memorial Day!
I really want to go to Louisville to see tomorrow night. Anyone in Cincy want to make the trip?
Warning tho - pic was taken back when I had my porn star mustache
no, nothing like that!
because every night after practice I was too tired to eat
The two most common elements in the world are hydrogen and stupidity.
If I let this go, if I let you go, will the scars continue to show.?<3
Make sure u nominate exile for all eligible catagories at the Ohio hip hop awards. This year were gonna make noise!
thanx! I'm doing some green screen shots tonight (:
..... What does OCTMS stand for?
I lose everything. I need to buy a velcro suit.
aww I miss u too. Lol what up
thanks for the follow when twitter decides I'm worthy of following more people I will follow you!
look forward to your review! Enjoy!
yea!!! I'm pumped we are doing this lady. How are we gonna get meliss on board?
mmkay how long will that take?
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
girl you fine from head to toe
Thanks for the RT, Chef Oz. Hope all is great there Been too long since we've been by. Soon!
Nice! What library has Dunkin Donuts iced lattes?
Knowledge is power so I keep up to date on current events.
Glad I helped inspired you
Anyone that follow me know how to do haircuts? Not like "oh yeah I've seen them done" but some talented ass work is what I need
The Night School band blog has been updated with info about a special performance. Go to www.nightschooled.blogspot.com to check it out.
I'm going to carry around a microphone hooked to a guitar pedal that lowers my voice one octave whenever i need it.
aloe quest.
The Southeast Anchor Library garden club could use your help w/bulb planting tomorrow 10a-1p. Contact Amanda 443-984-3904 to volunteer.
Wouldn't you love when your plan came together? That is if you had a plan? Coach Terry
Not in the near future.
Bro me too.
The new Google+ iOS app is very well done. I'm impressed with Google's aesthetic--not something they're generally known for.
Life without Mariano will be tough...I won't complain. I will be a realist. He is the best ever.
Snow patrol is playing in the mall I am happy
How do you do
Con FUNK Shun- Got To Be Enough: via
I know :( juggling two jobs makes one's social life so taut, it's no fun! oic When u gonna start nmn??
Between that and abortion, we're extinct.
Wireless fiber = immediate, high-bandwidth connectivity with high availability, secure data transmission and flexible, scalable deployment o
Yeah, one of my homeboys from high school sent the song to me, funny ish lol... Have you done any guitar practicing?
i regret that joke... </3
Had no idea FedEx logo has an arrow in it
one of my favorite tracks of all time bro. Good pick
So...who's going to win this American football game today? I admit I don't know who's playing. Not the Bears, that's all I know :0)
nice job at the race!
Hey all you tech writers with an engineering background, let's hear from you!
rally for tax justice begins in ~1/2 hour, stay tuned for pics, video
1 final? No sleep. We goin hard!
[Interview] Why Song Seung Hun Started Communicating through Social Networks (1): "The time slip subject and the setting that a docto...
65 today time to bust out the grill
Was your IMAP to gmail connection working earlier today?
Nm really. :P
I saw one guy get hit in the nuts, and by his friends reaction it looked like all of them got hit in the nuts.
Happy Friday! please visit our website www.opalgroup.net to see a list of our upcoming conferences.
I think with the way he's dancing, everyone knows
Excerpt from the forthcoming novel, Artless, about the beautiful failure of art & the lives a few saints along the way: markbernardsteck.com
BooBoo is not following back </3
Attempting to make breakfast before work.
and greetings back to you from Chicago! We should trade locations sometime ;-)!
Quicker the better ..
Philadelphia Inquirer Wins Public Service Pulitzer Prize For ‘Assault On Learning’ Series
found a new app for us early adopters...Highlight. Check it out in the app store.
thank you baby. I LOVE YOU
new arty weekend video coming today
it's not the same idea but close enough, apparently Zuck's med school gf and Steve Jobs was this inspiration
I wish I was one of those kids that didn't care about being behind a few hours. I just want my break already. 4 weeks pass fast,
I had two teachers echo that, when I confessed to them that I hadn't been coding since before puberty.
i'm difficult. i'm complicated. i'm hard to love. i know that...but if you try, i'll try.
Suicide and I've never felt so sad in my life. So please reconsider the choice to kill yourself. Rest in peace Joey. I'll never forget the..
you're so cute Tonnie I can't stand it! Xo
I think this warrants an unfollow " Chipotle = overrated"
Had a great time seeing today! She put on an amazing show
Knows the real fountain of youth is to have a dirty mind and a naughty smile..
I'm supporting #cancer awareness on #curepals,
Only can save us!!!
Lets here it whod excited about sunday fun day?? If thats you Come join us for prime rib and $5 moo ritas.... and our wonderful staff....
Still working up photos from the airport shoot, and finding gems from shoots long past.
#IfITellYou i love you, will you promise to love me too? <3
baking fresh bread between working on plan and #RedSox opening day game. & great client calls today!
My Damn Back Hurt Man Wtf This Shxt Preventing Me From Sleeping.
Progressive CHILDREN LIMITED 1951 film end line "children limited should not be children forgotten."
Maurice Sendak! Maurice Sendak. Outside Over There was the first book I ardently, devotedly loved. You opened a dimension for me...
Took me awhile to figure out that the Alex everyone is retweeting isn't the real one.
“LOL” is the new way of saying “I really have nothing to say”
of course u can
Word Nerd Factoid: The study of the lives of the saints is called hagiology.
He just gave me something to think about
haha I remember that tweet!! :D I heard it too :( lol be safe!
I am so sick of Dwayne Wade's smug bullshit.
She was so ugly she could make a mule back away from an oat bin. ~ Will Rogers
I want a Cherry Vodka Sour...like NOW! but i guess i have to wait til later on tonight.
wow thats so selfish of you
PP&R hopes to have the benches back in place soon, maybe a week or two, after refurbishment.
Assuming I make it to work tomorrow, that will make 3 SMSC offices in as many days.
It's a good problem to have when you can't get into your favorite band's show, right?
lol.. I will soon.developing some stuff in Google +
I see from your #birdclass tweets that you're still using Twitter in class. I'm going to mention it in a talk Wed.
Hatchet by Gary Paulsen: Wilderness vs. Boy---Boy wins.
everyone should go follow he is really cute
Concordia-Selma scores 2 runs out of the gate and establishes an early 2-0 lead over Spalding, SP Tyler Brown in the World Series.
Never really wanted you to go, so many things you should've known..
Nothing compares the greatness unknown
Dont forget to send your info so you can get the diamonds are a girls best friend wall paper for your cell phone and computer!
theres one part of the video you last posted on wearestoopkid where you look like you want to murder Ariana... at 2:32
You seem perfect, but why are you so far away from me..
Did you know I messaged you? Didn't want you to think I'm ignoring you!
I'm really happy that this headache will never go away
You give me mixed signals. What should I do.
are going the fuck off right now at Juicy Beach!
Got a sweet parking spot for today's debate. Think it is an excellent omen for ! Will be live tweeting.
What do you mean, "just left"?
"thanks for putting the power to change the world" :)
Yes found a solution to that problem...Now to this other one -_-
Thanks for the follow. YOU GUYS ROCK!!!
me too... Colin is FUCKED UP!
Knot Today is now available at Bricktown.
80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out "The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009".
Jefferson picked Duke? Probably a good thing Cslipari backed out on playing Indiana.
My LifeStyle Aint Made For Everybody.
Dear rope, you are absolutely my new best friend. Thank you so much
If vehicle owners are required to carry insurance to pay for accidental damage to property or loss of life - why aren't gun owners?
Thanks SO much for tuning in!
really excited about our newly designed blog compoent. it makes blogging about art and artistic thoughts exciting www,itsartnotstuff.com
part of your world.
hey do u think im hot?
Just for assisting an officer, I let 2 cops into my building...hoping they don't knock on my door!
I want to date one of the girls from the mainly because they all have the beauty and talent. The success is chasing them.
Time is love. Gotta run. I'd love to stay longer but i got someone, who waits for me.<3(:
First for me: having my remarks translated into Mandarin at a lunch for a visiting delegation from a Beijing university.
The awkward moment when you're stretching, and the teacher thought you were raising your hand.
Unlike #walker ..Barret is a man. He knows how to work! He is pragmatically efficient; that's very Good Work!
hope your doing well. This tweet made me think.
Just bought a $70 pair of shoes for $5.
Met's won by 5 runs. And another one. 3-0 and counting. Our $1000 Players are up 3K already! Let's go Jazz.
I love emmypooo
Commission on Sustainability meeting, Tuesday 9/26 @ 4:00 pm, 417 E. Fayette St. 8th floor. Open to the public.
Wat part of long island are you from ?
RT if you saw s boyfriend video!
Gotta do another stupid history report! I hate it! Why did I pick New York?!?!? Why!
Welcome to the present! :)
bomb sleep
When you hide stuff people already know you look stupid
A la Myspace circa 2003, current mood: Bittersweet.
I wish there were an Instagram filter that can make you look less like a jerk.
Were you able to complete the download? Did you receive an error message? I had to call Apple cust service for help. Works now
Just got my email invite to a Marketing meeting time of prayer in the garden. I sure do love my coworkers...
Chi-town stand-up
Players are not willing to admit they tackle incorrectly because that is all they know. Re-educating Coaches & Players is the only solution
The world's a better place b/c of stickers
Had a perfect dinner at #Locanda. And now my cab is playing Human Nature by MJ.
Today I swear I will take some time off. So far not so good with that but soon!
Q: What's the earliest you have/would go shopping on Black Friday?
what up cuz? How's the leg?
ship a set to #Akron for me?
I want to work for Olivia Pope and speak that quickly all the time!!
Check out these great nonprofits doing great things: , , , , and
#TheyNeed2BringBack cartoons that had value and a real hero like he man, gi joe, and thundercats.
Credit: it is the drug that the bankers deal to us to keep us enchained to their parasitic financial machine.
We went to concert on Sun. On Tues. my 2 yr old proudly pointed out that a friend's snack was not safe for her for 1st time. WOOT
maybe it's an inside joke. Just didn't want to write an article and get the "correct" terms wrong.
Excited for the legendary Tom Dreesen's 5 pm show at the today!
I may or may not be drinking way too much, way too quickly.
you'd be better off just paying a site to host your images & doing the page yourself. Try godaddy, cheap domain and hosting.
Just had a great customer service experience @ Alderwood Optical. They take care of my eyewear issues & cut me an unbelievable deal to boot!
White russians all night
Happy Holidays, tweeps! TGP will be closed Christmas Eve & Christmas Day!
It's sad that the only decent guy I've dated is a weirdo and is currently dating my cousin.
I thought that the calling limit was 12 !!!!!
girl yes because my heart couldn't take that LOL
On my way to go see #TheAvengers with my #Batman gear
umm i have a surprise for you :)
Julian Moore reveals: "I wear mascara when I'm feeling depressed." ... Do you have a beauty pick-me-up?
Man im sleepy af !
A closed mouth never gets fed. Ask & you shall receive. "So I say to you: Ask and it will be given to you...." Luke 11:9
I don't fucken like you, get a life and try not to suck on mine. Dumb ass.
#ILikeObamacare because I get to be on my Mom's insurance until I graduate from law school. Saves me from having to take out more loans.
Be the person your dog thinks you are.
keep your hair color from fading, wear a hat in the sun!
We're delighted to announce as a sponsor of #THATCamp Games!
God heals, and the doctor takes the fees. Benjamin Franklin
Went grocery shopping - $144.91. Lot more than excpected but we now have food in the house.
thank you Bas you are the best
Happy Hump Day!!!
dm What do you believe is the best way to get new online customers?
#FF even better follow
RT : Were excited for our meeting with in an hour. Need my afternoon coffee from to wake me up!
To say I love you one must first be able to say the I.
That Carmel game still eats at me smh
thanks babes :) I <3 yours too!
aw man!! at least i'm on the train now-- I'm stoked!
What is Graphic Design? email your thoughts to #aigadesign #aiga #design #graphicdesign Thank you.
Get pumped for #criticalmass, #cleveland! Meet down in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30 promptly. Come to Edison's in Tremont after!
&Show me why you deserve to have it all .
After I pick them up from the guy in Titusville. :)
I just finished a 11,6 km run with Nike+ GPS.
What's this about?
Well im out chasing my own dreams.
Todays a red hot chilli peppers kind of day.
#ShowSumLove to the troops who risk their lives everyday to keep our country safe.
Sorry guys can't go see backtrack or imma get stabbed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Come on celtic will be the offical
Insane thunderstorms are here. Showers for my wedding shower?
I'm waiting myself. Maybe I should have made the trip to la...
"Life is like a box of chocolates. U never know what ya gonna get"-Forest Gump lol
I'm reading An Available Man by Hilma Wolitzer
True, but we can stop it; how about creating a new currency. No?
haha, U know I would never :)
When I was younger I bought ppl CD's & wished I could work with them...now I'm grown & they are calling me to work with them!
how can we get onto your event schedule? We are a bi-monthly demo & #VC pitch event in #SF &
"when I get where im goin, dont cry for me down here"
Drivers Ed so damn boring
I've had "Crazy Train" stuck in my head all day bc of you ;)
Charley came and now we are cuddling man do I love my puppers
~not sure if was being honest or sarcastic, but I happen to love ur art. great creative outlet after cooking all day.
let's just hope that u appreciate Lime and Digicel a little more from now on lol
RT : Cool - A live social media crisis is going on during our summit {GM Stops Buying Facebook Ads}
L-L-L-London town!
"A Dreamy Shade of Azure" of course... The question should be-what will my color be tomorrow~?!? (I made that title up! ha!)
Look out, world. Homie just got some new black 501s.
Dedication: G. LOVELAND, I love you Grandpa. You left too soon. Always in my heart. I feel your presence. I love you. -Vanessa
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 21
#FF thanks for the follows!
Glee so loving it. Good vocal renditions.
Mink mink mink 2night!!! Hope to see you there!!!!!
#ThingIveLearned cant depend on nobody
#ILoveMyMomBecause she always puts up with my crap and doesn't bitch me out like everybody else.
Yeah baby pat urself on the back for some sweet counter surveillance & proceed directly to installing back ups to the wrong partition...Doh!
It sucks when you like someone that your best friend liked first.
I sent them already.
Without the Pens to cheer for... I would love to see the Kings hoist The Cup.
Well I can dream
heyy boo;* i finally got one ;D
Obama to Parliament: "I am told that the last three speakers here have been the Pope, Her Majesty the Queen, and Nelson Mandela — which...
Ayyyy ain't been on here in a min.,wusz gud twitter
ah. hem.
One pratcie I saw work successfully for clothing lines is in the summer, cut back in costs by printing on thinner t-shirts
it's been raining like everyday for a week or so
shout me out
Hopefully tonight will be a night free of electrical explosions. I cannot handle waking up at 3am again.
Life is like sailing. You can use any wind to go in any direction. ~ Robert Brault
DC: Green team paying 4 votes. Someone really needs to do something about this. Fenty is doing anything to get elected. Looser!!
It's going to flood again tonight, isn't it? And yes, I do have two loads of laundry hanging out to dry.
I would never have guessed that from his music.
At the moment no, but I think we might have a band practice!
I need a makeover...
That is one of the most ridiculous things I have ever seen. And maybe the cutest.
Organizing tip: fixed enough lasagna for a few days. Next I'll make is dirty rice :-)
Hahahaha anytime girl!!!:D
I'm def getting more toned.
lol they were at Coachella and almost everyone there smokes
House-Obsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
will you think about marrying me? ; )
Sadly site has gone down each time I was making final decisions in my basket. I just wanted to get a #deal and #shop :(
you're welcome! thanks for the followback!
I'm liking this Twitter so far:)
½ off all rails, calls, domestics, & micros tonight 8pm – Close!
Tonight was me and my Carl splitting a beer, sitting outside and talking about how much we just love living in Shorewood.
sounds good, hope the seachickens win. :)
im hot!
Its fine.. im no one anyway
Tired as hell. English...not tonight.
miss you too! we need a skype date soon so we can catch up. when does your summer break start?
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
TGIFFAO = Thank God It's Fish Fry At O'Lydia's. hehe
How did the telephones get married ?In a double ring ceremony !
i miss you too lil brah
Practice Practice Practice.... The only way to get better at what you do!!!
Jameson Irish Whiskey
TYGA BEEN SNAPPIN!!! DRAMA I NEED TO DO A TAPE WITH YOU!! -LIL META- JUST MADE A HALLOWEEN CLASSIC!! META MYERS ITS ON WORLDSTAR
WRAP PARTY!!!! It was a great season.
thanks for the follow.
Thinks he should start a twitter battle because of my last two tweets..
we have two free tickets to giveaway here and kevin-john signing lynn swann lithographs. What's at pnc park?
The only man a girl should ever trust is her daddy.
Thanks to everyone for checking out MMJ daily deals. We've been the biggest seller by more than double! Feels good to feel loved!
can't get the nose to quit dripping. thanks pixar. gah...
Hakuna Matata - It means no worries.
hey Erica! I'm great. Love Boston. Looking forward to the 150th! How're you?
But I will say the Lions are abt one good draft class away from begin a scary team in the NFC.
Waiting for to take the stage.
Mantra du jour: Costs are not losses.
Cop cop ,
Looks like VCU will hold on and advance to #CAA final against #Drexel. Amazing after the start they had.
Presenting my first story tonight !
John Lozier welcomes the 50 formerly or currently homeless consumer leaders among more than 700 conference attendees.
Yay for taking care of our company members!
Do you just want to ride wiff me after school tomorrow?
your mom and nana
Must resist muffin temptation sitting right behind my desk...
thanks, following back!
Good times become good memories and bad times become good lessons **
It's not totally populated yet. Marilyn (spouse) isn't in it yet.
Better days will come.
This! RT: lunch w/featured speaker "#Education matters. A lot. Perhaps more than anything else."
It starts sorta slow but once you get past the shortened first season (due to the writers strike) it's ridiculously good.
Heading to in Stone Oak to p/u my season tickets this evening.
Be obscure clearly. -E. B. White
An #Aries woman requires freedom
KLOCKLE.com list for free! No credit card needed. Use this code US270911 and its 100% FREE! If you dont see your city listed add it.
About to get my chonga nails done.
Havent watched an game since #MLB started but you're damn right Im going to watch the playoffs.
is sitting at a keyboard in front of a screen, smiling at the dirt under his nails.
Can't beliebe how much i think of you and know you..but you don't even know i exist... (:
Seeing clients in Gainesville, FL. I feel the rash coming. We'll be in Atl this wknd & close enough 2 Athens to expel any UF demons.
Thank you for all the RTs and support!
Loll me and devin convo devin: look mf I said hold on not hang up Me: I did then it went CLICK devin: fuck you black niggas lmfao:)
Big day at Twestival Baltimore. Today, we announce the line-up for the HF-TWESTIVAL!!!!
no more :P
hahhaah were fine. i just always has to say that
Finally found someone I can trust!
Judy Moody should've prepared me for this.
good night!! <3
Big Bend 78, Lower Columbia 71 ....FINAL.......Blake Skidmore 42 points for Big Bend
why would you even think about them dying?// awkk. :(
teens: did you ever go to a MLB game?
Hit me up if u need productions www.streetanthemsproductions.com
Happy Monday! Looking for something good for lunch? Try our Mongolian Beef for $8.50!
sorry for all the posts.. something happened with the RSS feed. Fixed now.
Thanks for the feedback-- I'm so sorry to hear about your experience! I will pass that along to the airport team to address.
OMG why people been texting me hapoy mothers day?? Wtf
The hampden games are cancelled due to rain. Stop by fraziers for half price burgers and natty bo's.
Heading back New York City...
Note - The key to a good relationship is the key. Give me back the key.
Got my first pair of glasses in approximately 17 years. My old pair belongs in the Dork Hall-of-Fame.
Here at #structureConf - please come say hi at the table
same here beybehh !!
<U+2714> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+2708> {link--------------
i was crying on the way 2 my next class
What's for breakfast??
Are you too hip for the Moontower Fest? Come out to on Wed. at 8 PM at Cheer Up Charlie's and feel like an Austin insider.
y do u always notice the same people .........
Just too bad he didn't keep his $AAPL stock instead RT Steve Wozniak says he'll buy Facebook stock regardless of the price
biting the hand that feeds me
If in-n-out burger comes to
this girl is sleepy :)
FedEx pickup came 10 min early! NO! Guess its going out late.
I thought you wete a comedian?
despite the #old feeling, it was a humorous (and shocking) moment for those of us in the know... :)
According to our research today, we don't appear to have been the 1st regional to top $100
I need that shower scene daily tho. Thems the rules
So wishing I was at #Jamboree! Listening
I usually say "we have a few favorites." ;)
God is so amazing!!!!
How come there isn't an app that will let me replace Keith and Brent's keyboards with Tom Constanten's?
Thanks for that cheerful hello. Winston IS pretty charming, if I say so myself.
The sleep timer on my tv went to sleep before I did...
thank you. no there isn't any more cause i didn't get the gig. rewriting a script for-hire now. must focus! lol.
@ Smothersmrz I like following cute girls.
I'm so addicted to this channel
Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented. Still got love for Mad Mush though
perfect - look for email! cheers
RT ": The people that you love the most are the ones who can make you cry the hardest..."
Dir Spence thinks community should name the school
cancelling Community and 30 Rock ALSO!?!? OH SWEET whats coming now some more singing shows!?! Jesus christ. TERRIBLE DECISION NBC.
Really wants a Guy to prove my theory wrong cus it Just seems to be right no matter What! One Guy.... that's all I need! :/
Just had a great meeting with the team. Looking forward to their upcoming shows and special events!
Happy Sunday to all!
oh my. Don't stress 2 much. i hope it gets better.
Happy Holidays from all of us here at KPBS. And here's to a prosperous New Year.
Steve Blake hits 3 threes and starts trending?
haha, it looks pretty good on him :D
Look out world just swam a 21.98 lcm 50 free. Broke Brett Hawke's textile record.
video playing on the big screen before a movie >>>>>
With the Ladies off for their Drag Queen Bingo night, an evening out & and a Brendan Benson gig beckons.
@ #kidscreen - people have Harley tattoos. It's a corporate logo; no one has Procter & Gamble tattoo. Make emotional contact.
- "I have all the motivation I need" - Too funny. I stayed away from downtown today to avoid the mayhem.
Super jealous of all my friends whom are London bound for the first ever Sundance London. Good luck
Loving all this sunshine like you but trust me, if we don't start getting some rain we'll be using bottled water to bathe in come summer $$$
someone tell me why i like him?! /:
I wanna tell you how I feel, but if I do I'm afraid it'll just push you away
jimmy eat world. <3
Ugh. The 2 times I've talked to the press, the end product has completely flabbergasted me.
Just saw Dr Kermis at the movies hahaha the man does not dress down
If I text you and you aint text back but then I get on facebook or twiter and you updated your status please excuse yourself :-)
Vandy will SLAUGHTER Harvard today! They are only favored by 5.
hope the Sheik enjoys my avatar
This one hurts, I'm overwhelmed with emotions
Congress being assaulted w/bags of money from lobbyists. Hard to remember voters & oath of office when sitting on pile of cash.
Its really not okay.
good question.
Check out Google doodle 2day celebrating St. Patrick's Day with a nod to the Book of Kells created by medieval Celtic monks
Wisconsin's Groundhog Day (ala Bill Murray) ends when Walker is ousted. We'll finally quit reliving hate and oppression each day.
durant im ur biggest fan bro i watched every game since super sonics man
Doesn't an Apple Bear Claw sound great? It's a flaky bear claw filled with cinnamon and apples..delicious!!
God bless all those firefighters that risked it all and might not get Social Security oh how soon we forget!
It's almost been a year since started following me but I havnt had any luck talking him yet
I did not get it.mam, my phone wasnt working for a couple of days and I texted whit about us going to lunch
Oh man, you just pissed off a whole city. Haha. Those are fightin' words in our parts.
If there are Chaco Tacos, why aren't there ice cream enchiladas or ice cream burritos?
Let me know what kind of flavor you think you want and i will talk with the R&D department. #CIROCSORBET?
congratulations to and the cast of for their 11 nominations!
U Think You The Shit Since I Cut My Dreads Off Bt Its Coo with
Thank you so much! :) RT : Congrats on your launch today in the District and we are happy to be a part of juicy deals
I miss you too ;c
feel better Steph...
I can already tell this is going to be a bad day
It's time for a #FF. Edition: awesome people -
Good morning Los Angeles:)
OH that was it? I didn't like it :'( lol
What's the best country to start a #socent, #greenbiz and/or a #startup for the #neweconomy? Share your thoughts/experience.
i <3 my trampoline!
Oh. My. Goodness. The conversations I have with this guy>>>
Carter had old school three point play tonight. Is that play dying breed because kids can't shoot fts or everyone is shooting threes?
#Cavs win!!!! Nice team effort tonight
Does this explain bars named Blue Shamrock?
OMG... Bruce Springsteen just body surfed! Lol
Well I just slept 6 hours and haven't written a rough draft for VU.. bad time to be sick. No school tomorrow, I think.
Swag Surfin and tired as shizznips...
Sugar coated or reality? :-) I'm good, just stressed... you know me! How are YOU?
you can get a description of it, how to cook it, and order it here: www.westcoastscrapple.com
AUDITION: Lead role in LITTLE MATCHSTICK BOY (feature film)
and prepare yourself a bit less gaming :]
#GoodGame Everyone, Maybe Next Time
Good luck coach. Was where ur last September. Made it2the Elite8. Hope2get farther this year. Good luck again!
I'll help you with that lmfaoooooo
OpenEdition is proposing a model for free access to content in HTML with paid access to downloadable content in PDF or ePUB
fixing my dad's computer/ipod/itunes
im sure your used to bein wrong so its whatever lol
Hey Richard! Are you following our play about bullied gay youth. It's in Chicago June 1-17. We're raising awareness w/ book/play
Celtics, 76ers, Nuggets Win in NBA Round-one Playoff Games - Bloomberg
DBQ seems reasonablely challenging, choice essays are softballs
Pass the ball!! Pass it to jordy Nelson not James Jones!!
- We are very excited to be able to provide the drum kit for you at the Matchbox Showcase on Thursday! We r here 2 serve you!
Gosh, I didn't think that far ahead lol. We need to figure something out though. For reals.
The awkward moment when Willow Smith can't whip her hair because she shaved it all off and dyed it pink.
I really do fucking hate glue and everything involved with it
I can probably be there safely by 2:15pm, but that also might be tight. Perhaps we reschedule this time.
Hi to all my new friends and followers! Check me and performing stereo hearts together! YouTube.com/samuelventuramusic
#ARTTHOUGHTZ, for real. Can they? I often wonder how deliberate these actions can be.
thx for the follow!
yes! I am more important than a presentation and school!
What you don't have a private jet??....psssshhh hahaha
I didn't watch videos or listen to rap music until 1999 ...CTFU
I'm halfway through the work day and already looking forward to the adventures this weekend will bring!!!
I left my phone charger in the studio on Monday. Luckily, it's still here!
i think that little fact depends on who you are hugging
yea I think so!
Committeeman Cleveland addressing the Convention's #Chicago #Republican Mtg. "Adapt message to Urbanites."
Happy 200th Birthday to Charles Dickens!
holy shit the interstates and on ramps suck a fat one in Amarillo Tx
Good am #Seattle. We open in 15 mins. and wld luv to see you 4 your morning breakfast/ coffee or early lunch panini. 101 Stewart.
Ayo should release a beat tape. Just for kicks.
One thing that has blown me away is how strong Jagr is. It's crazy. That's an old man, & he's as strong as anyone out there
Ima Make A Remix 2 Trust Issues..
and a million other things.. : I wish I could write and make brownies at the same time.
we have had memories longer then the road streches ahead
how are you today
Very exciting! What are you working on?
No pause for Minnesota House; after bonding, it's headlong into stadium debate.
Job Opportunity - Lone Star Park: Group Sales and Catering Account Executive. Send resume to
They are great examples for my daughter as well!Great people and players RT : Glad I got to see my sis and !
Thanks for the shoutout!
I would pay for a private bathroom to be built for me at work just to side step the shame of this whole ordeal.
So very true!
don't tell nobody.., lol..
Me neither. But I've been surprised how long it took to build scipy on ubuntu running on my laptop....
i just keep going.
let's all FaceTime and celebrate together
The largest 99 Cents Only Store! RT Friday's question: What are we more famous for? LACMA or the mammoth in the Tar Pits?
Good morning! Don't forget to submit your writing sample for our very first 'Theatre By the Blind Scriptwriting Competition!'
Then, again, I have heard it is no use yourapplying if your hair is light red, or dark red, or anything butreal bright, blazing, fiery red
I tweeted the 2 day ago. Quit stealing my jokes
Yeesh. Why do I let it suck me in, time after time?!? So many snarky things to say! Oh ... yeah ...
She roll the weed and she don't even smoke
What is your travel philosophy?
on so it begins... im looking up for the big ideas while simultaneously skipping over the little rocks
That pass by #crosby was absolutely sick!!
and loving kobe right now ...
Time for another rally Gents, do they have it in them?
She comes off as strong, but maybe she fell asleep crying. She acts like nothing is wrong, but maybe she's just really good at lying.
“Let the Good Times Roll”: A Ray Charles Tribute comes to The Hillman in 3 more days. Don’t miss Roger Humphries, Ray’s former drummer.
What do you do in the medical field? And you will love Zumba, been teaching for over 3 years, met Beto a few times!
Jeff Ross and Dave Attell live roasting at Comedy Cellar... Pretty New York... Pretty sweet
goo to bed
RT : Act like I don't have to be awake in 4 hours (This. I definitely have class in the morning, lol.)
bruk down drexciya, bounced their mythos around foucault + tate ideas, splashed in related jimi's sample.
So much ink, so little time.
I'm honestly torn.... if I could mix em up, i'd have one perfect one...
Ticket alert! If you want to see the Saturday evening First Niagara Holiday Pops concert buy now! Less than 100 tickets left in the house!
Headed back to the crib but first gonna stop and get somethin to eat, and watch the game.
you have a blessed day as well!
Let's go Chicago Bulls WE GOT THEM!!!:)<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2764>
Spending the day at Epcot and then riding whatever I I didn't get to ride before
was great to see you play live with JLs in person at album chart show recording a while back
i vote for samosas, and anything else your hearts and palates desire!
thanks, man.
RT : You're right in that Eastern Market has soul, but looking at Gerogetown, how much of DC cares about that?
It's curious how one's own old files can seem like mementos from another life.
I'm eatinn now !
hello from the back of the room!
ok mine is always slow tho
And in Highschool I was almost kinda of a rebel.. I found my lost cause in the 10th grade lol..
The flu can help jump start your diet. it's going around, so catch while you can.
what I would give for him to come walking back in that door telling me they didn't need him at work tonight
#NamesForMyChildren Boy: Vincent Isaiah Girl: Alexis Rain
paranormal activity wasnt that bad! I really thought i was going to be freaking out! its friday wooohooo!!!!
“: Kobe sick! he killed his team tonight. How does it feel to get Gamed Mr. Bryant? Get Blake TF out my face!” game was good tho
We have lots of Gluten Free options as Elizabeth is GF!
How are you doing tonight? :-)
Crab & Leek breakfast at Sola - delicious!
pretty sure...could've been old Asian lady cooter too.
The 2 part SPOT test can be used to screen prospective employees & to gauge the need for company-wide ethical training/individual counseling
You're so cool, please keep calling my phone and screaming penis
Our #movement isnt all about #HipHop and #Rap. Theres another world out there and its called the rave world and we are apart of it
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! J
Working on getting that shop on 42nd Street & Chandler open....Grand Opening in June.
let's keep in mind that this was not a win to brag about.
As Boulder velodrome closes, Erie becomes heart of track cycling
Someone text me!(:
Vampire Weekend, MGMT >
Whoever discovered whistling, I seriously hate you.
Need ya email bro! Got some classics for Ahsan
hmm, that is a good idea!
Is she also the only one who said in April to forget about Justin Duchscherer because he will never be healthy enough to pitch here? Yes.
Lmao no words
that's what I've been saying! they haven't responded to my many emails yet... RT Peet's should sponsor you!
What flying birds never glide or soar? ... Answer: Hummingbirds! (Their wings just aren't made for that.)
It's your responsibility to move in the direction of your dreams.
Game on, Let's go
I refuse to watch Sister Wives anymore until Cody gets a 5th wife. Playaaa playaa!
Karen, did you receive yr email invite for today's conference? I haven't received mine yet.
We like our brass bands just like we like our bacon: extra crispy!!! Come check out Extra Crispy Brass Band tonight at UPTOWNER!!
strongly considering purchasing a bryce harper jersey
Us, too, ! Thanks for the mention!
Love the fact you can tweet a legend about a Harvester!x
some shit is about to go down.
August 2nd is my birthday. (: You are so cute and talented! (:
Hope you are having a great, and relaxing fun time with yours truely! :) Take care
I more meant
I love retweeting things on Twitter.......#RT :)
#cindy stop making excuses. This interview is sick! Casey is a baby killer!!!
Yes...but i'm watching Shreck 2.
Orange roughy can live up to 120 years. Most caught are juveniles. Give 'em a break, get something else for dinner.
Todays audition for Duets was a sham. Like seriously!
Checking at to give their swanky new shared workspaces a try!
YOU ARE AT 1,000 TWEETS
OMG I'm dying.. Of course.. BlackBoard isn't loading it... GRRRRRRRRRR :-/
You're more like the Kiwi Greek Chorus for all of us Chicago tweeters!
Totally agree with you....I am beyond perplexed by Xtina's choice, same with her getting rid of Jesse Campbell
Challenge to step 1 - The search for identity is a false barrier. Act!
So i've recently become obsessed with nail blogs.. Which blogs would you recommend? I'm having a hard time finding some good ones..
can't wait to drink your creations!
Had an exciting day with Summit City Radio Group! Can't wait to get my hands dirty with their Promos and #SocialMedia!
I think the seat has adhered to his ass.
Mamba! Hard to believe.. are still in this game!
Have a wonderful and safe Easter Weekend!
take that douche bag!
Borgman: Beware of Chris Anderson theory that now we have data, we don't need theory.
Really lost my cool tonight at work finally home and going to bed.
yes same day as my voting registration, when I was in DC they gave me a tour of her congressional office. I love her too
#BoyzAreBack YEAH BUDDY! I cannot wait! Gonna tell everyone in school to watch :)
See nigga, you just can't give up on chicken nuggets ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
just sayin you have the funniest tweets I've been laughing for an hour haha
Watching CEO Sarah Brown talk about U..S. teen birth rates on
Me too! I want to make sure I'm mindful every day but I'm not always successful.
I HOPE YOU CAN!! I'm almost 90% sure I'm going and I've been crying all morning haha
Merry Christmas Eve <3
Someone in LA is BBQing breakfast!
thanks for NOT having my back!
Woke up randomly at 5 am craving a pb&j. Success.
Someone come visit me at Taco Bell :)
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. -Jim Rohn
lm listeninig to the break up song right now! Its tight!!
Pretty - I like it! Have you come across any that allow for images of different dimensions (e.g. book covers)?
Thanks Onadio "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
We're open 12-6pm Monday-Friday
Don't know if I will be able to sleep after witnessing Ailey Co. Staging of Naharin's Minus 16. Playing with barriers
Almost done with cleaning! Threw out four bags of crap and am donating four bags of clothes. It feels great...
I'm sending a :) because I can't formulate anything cohesive.
Or praying on bended knee, or pointing to the sky God ie Tebow
Good morning fellow tweeters
Yep, pedi voice is SO tough, esp for the lil ones. Do you use the adventures in voice program?
The Burger King and Dairy Queen preside over a kingdom of vegan persucution.
you don't really *get* public transit, do you?
Is it me or #Boehner is getting more red?
Either that, or get someone who understands programming on the bench, or in the jury, who parse out what the patent is really covering
"I was growing up listening to Queen...F. Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs."~G. Cherone Which Queen songs for Jammit?
noo problem we will always support u threw everything!
Supercharge landscape media player for iPhone/iPod Touch coming 2010! Follow NOW!!!
- Larry Merchant won't do the interview. Part of 's contract with HBO. It will be Max Kellerman.
love the backround
Thanks for the FB... Stay tuned for more details :)
I hate how Monday is so far away from Friday and Friday is so close to Monday.
It's not an office building, it's
The vagina is like a roller coaster: Great to visit, fun to ride, but at the end of the day, you don't want to take care of it.
All these girls are acute, but I don't ever know there angel, at the rate that I'm going I might end up being single. -
Didn't know it would be so hard to buy some fuckin concert tickets.
If I don't walk out now I'll <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> her!
Happy Thursday! Guess what? Entertainment will be in two rooms on Saturday!!!!! Whatever you flavor we have something for you!
Make a mat on the floor :-)
Thanks for the tip! I'll definitely check it out. I'm just bummed because it's the 3rd year in a row I haven't made it! :(
Or the one you were talking about that one seems more fit for the kids Bowleros might end up being to late of a time for kids
If Pluto isn't a planet because it isn't big enough... Does that mean midgets aren't human..
Its going swimmingly. I wonder does me liking Justin for his faith and Jesus an his passion for what he does make me a belieber
Clear cut & defined goals make the surrounding distractions disappear. Define your goals today as your life's mission statement -Zach Marcy
Tell us what #summerart programs your org has planned! We want to hear all about it and #retweet it! Thnx.
I could use one of those Dawn Bergeron hugs. :)
Up hella early<U+270C>
Rochester March 23rd we melt your faces alongside and BE THERE.
May the Good Lord take a liking to ya!
Listening to songs from West Side Story @ #yaddo benefit. Leonard Bernstein worked on it at the colony...so lovely!
Whichever McCown this is, he stinks.
Student story had "breakfast pastries" in quotes. Makes me not want to eat at that restaurant for fear of finding out what they really are.
Feels like I haven't been on Twitter forever!! I got a bad sun burn and I gash over my eye :/ not feeling lucky lol
Baylor's Kim #Mulkey on her recent diagnosis of Bells Palsy: "As far as the distortion of the face.. hell I'm just another ugly coach."
Great show today Stan!
One of the richest man in America, Andrew Carnegie is allergic to money
don't know how you used 'dunno'
Papers for English...
#fourweddings & then going for a run!
What about private money, which is dontated to LAUSD for Social Media Position and not to classroom?Analysis too simplistic!
Reason #5 I'm glad to be a Packers fan: has some hilarious jokes.
At the hospital with one of my seniors. She says "you are so good to me." priceless I tell you priceless
where does one get those?
At the airport with plenty of time to spare!
Please go die I strongly dislike you
Trying to keep a straight face watching this morning. and Life Colors.
2 days later, and it's intensifying. People I haven't talked to in yrs. are giving me crap about Tebow.
Wouldnt have minded using Axford in tie game here instead of Loe
thank u
I got 144,480 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. Im so addixted to this. omg
Come watch the baseball Playoffs at our place and feast on great pizza!
is it July yet??? I wanna see Jason Aldean NOW.
omg is right now #latingrammys her spanish not so good but her voice wow
Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you're interested!
Praise The Lord!
Joe Monsour (door guy) benefit 2Nite at w/Bitch + Kentucky Bridgeburners + Burnese Crush + Ghost Riders Car Club + more
oh yeah
I got 99 problems and I kinda find myself wishing a bitch was one.
seeing via blackberry on all of your tweets makes it seem like somethings off? text me off your droid..oh wait...
#Mets' memories from Subway Series: Matt Franco in 1999, Robin Ventura slide, David Wright walk-off, Delgado, Milecki, Finally A Sweep
Lol, I just saw 's new pic... You're great.
My lunch table talks about the craziest things. It makes since because i have the craziest people at my table :)
i haven't heard jeah in years lolololol!!!!
Really enjoyed your blog.. glad you stumbled upon mine! Kinda think you may be the guy version of me.. lol
I added them all
"All These Sensations Got Me Going Crazy"
Never assume that someone likes you by their sweetness. Sometimes you're just an option when they're bored :/
What is wrong with me?! Why can't I stop staring at this girl?! Ugh, she is SO CUTE!
Glad you liked my pre-event observation hahaha thankfully I was more composed
1. I drove through Twin Peaks/North Bend this weekend! My spot. 2. That was probably the best Mad Men episode this season.
tastes like chicken
Dbl gallery opening TONIGHT 6:30pm Dawn Currie and we have a book signing w/ Joyce Athey. eccoffee.com/events.html
good thing Charles Lang Freer wasn't a prick
Thanks for the follow!
Haha u are definitely a fan. Sorry, haven't published those since they were so early. If I do, I'll let you know. Thanks!
Happy birthday WVU
I've never heard you chew before c: but some people do it all ugly.
Denver! DEnvER !!! DENVER !!!! !!!!! Plz make it speedy gonzales style:$
talking to my parents < running uphill, in the winter, with no clothes on, carrying a bag of bricks, with a fat kid on my back.
hosting the ladies free all night special with free drinks tonight ladies get here only after hour spo on a friday night
What you doing!!
Former Anderson resident here...Only 42 & rainy here in Washington DC... Send those 60's east!
Stupid Megabus with their constantly changing baggage policies.
I wanna have a naked pillow fight with you. Lol. Can I bring a midget and a donkey?
I can't believe the #frow is gone!
Sitting at a bar with a guy who looks like Jeremy Renner's brother...
Why can't people say what they mean & mean what they say???
no one can tell me who i can be just i will know when the time is right
I just wanna love u baby
im going to be on for a little while. i will be back tho. in a couple days
Get to 70K followers! One Direction's favorite place to get shakes :) Let's do this!
OH MY SEXY LIAM , HOW CAN I GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME ??? -_-
thanks 4 the amazing show in sf! Come back soon :-)
it's do frustrating. I came into this season not expecting much but the 7-2 start had me thinking otherwise but I'm back to reali
See you there. And then we'll need to find a renter, right?
It's a Super Science Saturday Heart theme at The Bakken! Come visit and celebrate Valentine's Day the right way: ~Scientifically~
there's a she wolf in every girl apparently <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
When Jeff Daniels says the f-word I feel like something is terribly, terribly wrong with the world.
thanks girlie love you too :)
Can't wait to hear from the fabulous today!
if you could fly, but you could only fly as fast as you coud walk and you had to flap your arms, would you fly or walk most often?
I heard the jury's still out on science.
It could just be from receding gum line.
Buffalo Cantina tonight in Southlake! Come hang out
Last day of baseball season y'day, 10 inches of snow today. For everything there is a season.
Happy B-day to my cousin Tracy!
FLEX TAA THE LEFT THROW YOUR MONEY OUT YO HANDS.
kick game comes in different flavors
PS- can you please get rid of that thing on your face before you get to Jax?
have you tried another email address? I just checked and it worked for me. Is your current email afraid to rock?? :)
I live that show!
I'm so badass that i have two different color socks on right now.
Thanks for the retweet. :)
how did you like The Customer Loyalty Pyramid?
Grouplove is the drunk girl who opens her mouth and you indulge her for a minute hoping she will shut up soon. and she never shuts up.
Always GREAT pizza - love the pizza cutter & media kit!
Obstacles dont haveto stop youif you run into a wall dont turn around and give up.Figure out how to climb it go through it or work around it
Dam ! I feel like a good girl doing homework :D Im so proud of myself :p
I will post it on my blog tonight with the information on how to prepare it. It would not fit in a tweet :)
What I do best is share my enthusiasm. -Bill Gates
Car sickness is the feeling you get when the monthly payment is due. by-Author Unknown
I filled them!! You can follow me now!!!!!
is it still possible to sign up for this?
I had 1 box die on me. Then the remote from the 2nd died. Now I use my iPhone as a remote and put up with tons of crashes.
I second that emotion.
It's not that the 4th one is cinematic feces. It's better than most slasher flicks, but it's just not as good as the others.
Need to have an honest to goodness ladies day/night soon. Want to go out on the town, and shop till I drop.
rt my last if you are coming!!!
Hey annoying ppl?! i hate how u nevr stop complaining, did ya no
still gonna cut u!!!! inside out
Delighted to discover Susan Shreve's Plum and Jaggers, a novel that explores some of the same territory as my Blind Girl's Bluff.
all yours, Mike. Will send originals to your Post account, if you like.
hanging out wid paul today...
S/O to my new followers!!! Still at it!!!
6-1 early morning hoop session
iPods are slippery.
the theory could lead to tru cloning and not just a genetic clone. Let's clone the soul and see what happens.
Protein bars. It's how I stayed full at night!
Not after a massive break up? No?
omg i forgot about our plans today sorry!
I love what I do being on set and making magic.
I feel like I'm dying omg<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
...A: d) All of the above
You're gorgeous! =)
since when can you not go get a slushie??
absolutely. Smaller rounds, fast decision making (yes/no on investing), appetite for pivots/iteration, etc.
Lol sweet! :) RT : very good. Winning money on the derby always helps :-)
I AM SO BORED!
Now it a line
OMG! Can't wait for the release of Photoshop CS6 Extended...the 3D effects are pretty sweet.
In Brazil now but I hear it's snowing in Chicago. Hope this doesn't mess up my plans to get to San Diego through O'Hare Airport!
welcome! Great class, provided some much needed new perspective for me and the assignments were very relevant and useful. :-)
I was wondering how these jackass business promoters were ending up on my following list. Those apps that need your password are guilty.
thanks for the mention!
Many new followers this week!! Thanks for following me, I look forward to tweeting with you!
#GWU in the last five minutes somebody won an iPod nano and another one tickets to the nationals.
Just found on twitter. Day=made.
I agree, I think he was wrong, with today being an example of why (sadly, hope I'm wrong)
She was covered by a towel haha she got locked out
I really enjoyed and learned a lot via your tweets. Have a good night.
I work w/ a guy who is good friends w/ ponson he is a good guy lets him go to Aruba alot on his expense
Chocolates & wine anyone? Our Valentine’s Day Pkg incl all you need to have a romantic getaway for $99.95. Call 360-696-0411 for details.
--- had a salad today from publix all it was missing a bubba truck... hope youre good!
you know what. i should quit complaining about my weight and actually do something about it! ....starting... not now. i'm too busy eating.
you could have fixed my tweet before you rt it
well im here to say u are!
I keep a close watch on this heart of mine I keep my eyes wide open all the time......LOVE
RT : "The only thing an excuse gives you is an option out of the life you'd like to live." ~Dr Wayne Dyer
SHE SAID I LOVE YOU BOY I LOVE YOU SO
spending my morning hooked to the pitch
Just sat through "Arthur's Christmas" which I'd be unlikely to have seen were I not a parent of someone who is 9.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 8:27am in Atlanta, GA it is 32 degrees. High: 61* Low: 34*
Welcome to #RVA Twitter! RT : We're new, too! Excited to join the community on Twitter. RT is new to Twitter.
yes yes yes!! “: will I be seeing you tonight at my show?”
busy but productive! Ready for the weekend. Time for me to get a drink and chilax
+1 no matter what sw you talk about. Hardcoded styles maddening in all CMS " This hardcoded clear div is really rankling my nerves"
RT ": #34waysfoundation & needs to be trending ...... we are giving away free watches !!!!!
Oh and #GirlWithTheDragonTattoo was good - but 20 minutes after the climax I thought Lisbeth was going off to the Undying Lands with Frodo.
Laser hair removal has quickly become the best choice for hair removal because it is non-invasive & permanent!
ha yayy!! hope your birthday is going good!
yeah I was there! We did alil bit
:(..... I love you, man!!! You are the sweetest thing on two feet & I'm the one who's blessed by you! Xoxo
#NoteToSelf: "The more I play D, the better we'll be." ~Andrew Bynum to
Good morning and thank you for the follow.
well said, well said. no idea how someone can bash a team they supposidly liked all year long.
Tag this tag #Sunday and
Kardashian in Dallas?!
I miss NYC. Can't wait return in late April for a few days.
Fangirling in the middle of Hard Rock over my babies being in Rolling Stone...
you too my brother
Y'all need to follow one of my best friends One of the best actors and dancers I have ever met.
Thanks so much have a great weekend!
I AINT FIGHT NOBODYY AT DAT SKOOL YET KENNY GONE BE THE 1ST TO GET HIS ASS WHIPPED
Looking forward to an afternoon of Sugar Skull decorating for Create Club and #diadelosmuertos!
I'm paying $69.99 for 100mbps internet w/ intermittent outages and Charter CSR told me to unplug my modem for a couple of hours. #1998 ??
Life in Singapore ttp://www.indiemind.tv/blog/life-singapore/
I hate that i still think about you 24/7 but yet, im not aloud to talk to you... I still love you and i always will...
Gotta get up early 2morrow, got hole lotta things to do
So ready! Two days left at HQ then its time to get this show on the road!
not yet, maybe some day. try amazonRT : Thanks for follow back :) There aren't Popchips in Italy...that's sad :\
compulsively tweeting and texting one or two people. :P Anything interesting on tv?
We're making a list of all the sites a business operating in the Dallas Metro area can be recommended or listed. Have any suggestions? Thanx
Brb gotta wash the dishes!.
If you're not outraged by gas prices...check your pulse. $41 for my little car?
Series is over.
75 degrees sounds nice in theory but not when it's mixed with monsoon-like rains!
it's sad..
#Madison...another day, another opportunity to get better!
Steampunk jewelry 25%off! www.kodashii88.etsy.com only two days left!
Gov Patrick:"people actually want more service, longer hours, modest and totally appropriate expansions like Green Line to Tufts and beyond"
Did you decide on matte or gloss lamination?
yeah kind of!
Baby, it's cold outside! Let us deliver :) 303-770-3100
don't worry, i go to the two other paneras in town.
Just heard a pitch from an 8yr old about his character 'Bob The Idiot'. ...interest piqued!
I miss my litlle sister : (
how do you know this?
There's no such thing as quitting. Just sometimes there's a longer pause between relapses. Alan Moor
Can you help tony? : Any Traktor Dj geniuses out there? I just got it and need a tutorial ... Help!
The KW & I just did a 2 hour bike ride out to Smith and Bybee lakes.
PodCast ready to go..::: Details soon:***^^^
i want my phone to get fixed, but i dont want to pay for it!! ~_~
“: If you can't treat me like a princess, then I don't want to be your fucking princess.”
Cavaliers sweep DH from Liberty after 7-1 win in game 2.
Information on Affiliate Marketing By Jeff
I just signed up for ...Movin' on up!
What an amazing weekend tho :) so happy.
I'm a sucker for groupons too. hehe
Yes+proud of it! Love bantering w/a cheese head! RT While an awesome Hipstographer, Rebecca is a VIKING
Good morning everyone!!! It's freezing here in Richmond! Hopefully it's warmer where you are!
I thought u were gonna watch bball? #whatupwiththat?! ;)
Anyone know of a good multi-author Twitter app? Or generally how to set up a multi-author Twitter account?
What's w/ these obscure Italian composition competitions that send you unsolicited applications? I get asked to apply to like 2 per week.
UHall, why are you on a fire alarm spree tonight? Ah!
He's an on time God!
I Cried When I Realized I Was Going To Be Five Hours Away From That Smile. :'(
lol not exactly... yet haha but at least you tried unlike my other 49 followers!
I'll be waiting:)
Commercial shoot was awesome yesterday! So thankful :)
yeah visit us!!
Shiner: Best beer from Texas (although I haven't tried them all)
Oh I cannot wait for Friday & Saturday Dinner and Brewers <3
see you in about 5 minutes..
yeah. U said u was gon get naked off a retweet
Today is national coming out day! (This NEMYouth tweeter is proud to be bisexual!!!)
Cant wait to go back to school
A brand new natural detoxicant - a refreshing slap in the face after a night of drinking - BuzzkillR
Joan Didion~ To have that sense of ones intrinsic worth... is potentially to have everything...
Ultimate Pick-Up Line (via "Hobo w/a Shotgun") " I wanna rip off your legs to get to your sweetness"
You're just giving them ideas. RT : Under Obamacare, you will be forced to marry a gay doctor.
I just knew today wasn't gonna go well and I was right.
Resurrection time...
I would have more respect for Jon Bon Jovi if he was an analyst over Jon Barry
Thanks to everyone who attended auditions! Same time same place next Friday ^ noon-1:00pm
thas badass i cant believe my cousin made it all the way up there
GO KAREN! --- But I'm sure there's more to this story... stay tuned!
There's nothing like a week in "the real world" to make me miss L.A.
Happy New Year!
#EU Foreign Policy Chief on #Syria: I condemn in the strongest terms these acts perpetrated by the Syrian regime against its own civilians.
Totally out the loop. Where you heading?
going to go and beg my dad to but me a ticket to watch you online ! Wish me luck (: !xx
Its gonna be 82 degrees in #SalemOR , #KeizerOR , #PortlandOR , #PDX . Hottest Day Of The Year So Far!!
great Christmas spirit by giving those tickets, glad u stayed with GB, cant wait to see u on field next year, CLASS ACT
which song??
where are u????
sorry hun, that's rough. hugs
I wonder how my twitter crush is doing. Hey krystal my other true love milfy cakes pompis
The Grammys last night was amazing!
I was somehow left off of the #Time 100 most influential people list
You should have your own show too!
But why did this nigga on the train just get shut down by this girl lmao
Next up at
Josh Hamilton slip n slidin. u serious? did u not see what happened to mariano?
Audition #2 at University of Illinois. Wish me luck!
(Jenna here) Oh my god you saw it!! you're very welcome ;)
Hey , thanks for the follow.
That awkward moment when you take a nap then wake up at someone else's house o_O
New synthesized tune coming soon. Keep your eyes peeled.
And the news gets better and better.....
cincinnati welcomes you with open arms and I can't wait to see what you do from here what you do now is amazing
Trap house by and i started cookin shits to funny.
Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace? Yes, please! Another reason to love
well...did you get Fuse S&E Fried Rice????
Bout time I get an instagram...I can be cool now like the iPhone kidds
lol. whatre you going to be doing this weekend?
I got all my car repairs done.
it might not be enough room
Looking at office space in Reston, Va for GeoLaw P.C
I can't live on the edge like that unfortunately. Ha!
I love late night sushi
"I'm gonna give her a chance" that's all I needed to hear.. I love you.. so much...
Why can't they just leave sleeping dogs lie? A perfect way to ruin good childhood memories...
Thanks -- i look forward to seeing It.
Dude Christmas Vacation is the best xmas movie ever. Do we wear a dicky with sweater and go to Wonderful Life party? I think not.
i require detailz soon.
Treat me as a joke and I'll leave you like it's fucking funny..
#Contagion with #MattDamon was amazing! Now I'm paranoid and investing in Purel!
All my texters fell asleep...
I see has alot to say today...
: Wait, I left for half hour to pick up kid -- how did I miss the whole district election thing? No see on Twitter
looks like I won't be able to go trader joe-ing tomorrow...so sorry but duty calls :-( foodbiz+holidays=dull girl
I got jokes today.
lol, that made me laugh out loud at work
so do leos...we the real freaks
glad I could help.
Good Luck I've got a good feeling Tide's winning streak is about to end today
Thanks for the RT! Would appreciate it if you could list us on your event page too!
Nights that I get to spend with and > miss you ! :(
Being at work without wearing any makeup is quite a revelation.
always gay
Working on several bequests for the College. Thankful for all those who possess charitable intent and a philanthropic spirit!
We heard the 's fall concert was excellent! Keep you up family!
Closing personal page, everyone will still be able to keep up with me through my page...
s/o for the follow
Wait, I forgot I can't on Monday. I have something to do. :/
Got kicked out of a party at my own house? Hahahahaha
listen...i know its tough to tell what a good quesadilla sometimes...but not at taco bell
Gettin some lunch then heading to the gym
Can we join you?! #sprummer RT "Ice Cream time."
#NP David Crowder - Thank you for hearing me
Ha I forgot about
At Ready by 21 talk at Nat'l Human Services Assembly leadership institute in Austin by Karen Pittman + Austin youth agencies
WARNING: Persons denying the existence of Robots may be Robots themselves.
well dont wanna be a stalker so whats up lady??
Sounds like a fantastic plan.
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. ~Oprah Winfrey
lol...for real. But I mean she's just excited. Maybe she'll make it.
I am getting much too good at changing clothes in my car.
I wanna be a drag king ;)
have you ever ben to california??
Ok just makin sure you got it
Head out to at 5029 Independence to see Coady Andrews & from 2p-4p !
Tony Kornheiser is a d-bag! Someone should kick him in his teeth!
I just stuck the RBJ in my ear and lit it on fire
Are the #Blazers imploding? This is a serious question.
thanks Bori. yes i love technical challenges. calls out my creativity to solve problems. i'm a geek. LOL!!!
mla wii..my spring break is soon..on doit de voir
RT Care about great business journalism? The #LoebAwards2012 finalists will be announced on Monday at 9am EDT. Follow
Thanks...I've had a good run so far with baseball and the NBA...going to let it ride tonight, I'm either up $4k or even!
Univision is starting to annoy me repeating them novelas nobody liked year after year ugh
hey DM me now
whos the other 2 for? nah man ill be here. is there a new album coming out?
Gotta see them all! Scent-sational candles and lucious fragrances
I wonder if that chick want the dick....
#hungergames best movie I've seen all year. #oscarbuzz?
Back in the saddle after the holidays. Welcome to 2010!
Need a 100% on MGT 301 to get an A. Should be a piece of cake
Great idea. I hope you get too many entrants to count!
fair enough... She came off super selfish in her confessionals. But- that's a fair assessment. She was EXCELLENT television!
From a listener: "Love your sweet tunes. I'm from PA but have been living and teaching in Beijing China almost 4 years now." Hello Beijing!
daang. stll can believe it! something so small, means so much to me. Thanks for following me , it really means soo much<U+2665>
ewww gross Maurice!!!
Happy friday! Going back to music expo today at W hotel in hollywood to do some biz!
hmm, good question. Woman? Calipers? What sites?
What does "having it all" mean to you?
David Baker @ the NEA Awards mentioned Elvin Jones' recording in 1972. Guess who the bass player was? Yea, Lieb. I'm thrilled at Ur success.
ANYBODY OUT THERE WIT #FREE STUDIO-TIME....HMU ASAP!!!
I love you Michael! <3 You're amazing. <3
I wish!!!!!!!! But we need to go to at least one game without the carrier lmao.
Cannot wait for #PrettyLittleLiars tonight!! <U+2764>
Thought our cracked, buckled sidewalks were a problem and then I tried to push a stroller down them. Need off-road wheels.
Biggest MSU football game ever...!
come ill play jaymu86
Amen to that sister
Stupid parkway construction
sleep. tomorrow's my last day of school for the week since im going to ny again this friday.
No. 2's a little existential, don't you think?
Call me Crazy. Eli pulls this game out. Go Ole Miss
I've been pretty good :) hbu?
Shout to a true as sports insider
Wow, way to be a damn hypocrite.
what was the debate?
Seems like great agreement on the value of citing data @ #datacite amoung the choir, what will it take to penetrate into science?
ugh I hate woopi. She was doing a reading at nyu, completely unprepared and just riding on her fame.
House of the Rising Sun <333
You got something to wear for your shoot Sunday??
PULL TABS.
Thanks to our amazing 2010 sponsors! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
Did you see this Dave? www.skyspark.eu/web/eng/index.php
bs that million dollar man turned out to be a cheap bastard
You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. ~ Walt Disney
no prob ask for me and I'll make sure you are all set
I just had a mental image of you overturning desks an kicking over chairs. Lol
From Middleton PD: A multi-vehicle injury crash at Airport Rd and Hwy 12. All traffic lights out in area. Expect traffic delays.
For any #mac users or #editors, #FinalCutX is officially released. great product great price
WE HAVE WATER!
Have you uh, played Skyrim yet? lolol
dLisalregan Nice to meet you too, Lisa!
I wanna move away meet new people and leave everyone and everything behind but I know that's not gonna happen right now
maaaaaannnn, I can't pass up free coffee
where can I watch the Chicago Blackhawks game tonight here in mke??????!
So no more women will be told no to a raise because they don't support family like the men.
If it's happened before, what makes you honestly think it wouldn't happen again?
depends where u want to go and what you want to do. we set up office here and can assist you in best places to go.
- so great to see you on Leno!!
PSP Vita...no thanks I'll pass.
Rangers have a serious lineup
Great win for #Marquette today...Battled back from 18 pt deficit.. Very athletic team,made plays on both ends and DJO was great!
Live from the Byron Nelson in Irving, TX. Steve Elkington getting things going...birdies on 4 of 5 so far...cloudy skies and cooler temps
Ah love it <3 I can't wait to try it out tomorrow with the other things I got!
Make sure to watch & other AMC members tonight 10:30 on MYATL TV for the encore presentation of the 1st episode
Hey, who is your folks environmental reporter?
Up early! Competition today ^___<
Do you know about the annual Thai Festival at LDCM? This Saturday, May 7, 11-4, great food, traditional dance and more!
my booty is inappropriate sometimes.
Anytime she finishes is good for her
I can't wait to get out of work
good thing is my friends like zayn & louis. more haz for mmeeeeeeeeeeeee.
Frank Jr jr , leslie , and Chandler
Yeah, well tell them bitches that you'll always be my Mrs. And the hardest part about the business is minding you own
lorie zapf, april boling, jan goldsmith.
Well said. I agree.
didnt get your last message:(
BREAKING NEWS: #Milwaukee will be in the final round of voting vs. El Paso for #SoMeT12! Let's get those votes out this weekend!
Thanks for the RT
I think I just made my mom a fan.
Someone help me I'm
The second I heard my coworker's Gwen Stefani ringtone start playing I took out my phone to tweet about how embarrassed/sad I felt for her.
So very true (although in my childless days I was still mostly sympathetic to the child & parents).
Haslem needs to take a seat and not come back in
Houston looks awfully frustrated out there
Pilot killed in plane crash in Fitchburg. Second aircraft crash in Central Mass. of the day.
Having those weird-ass conversations with your friends and thinking if anyone heard us right now, we'd be put in a mental hospital. :)
What are you grateful for?
Why bother....
Vezina winners don't give up soft goals like that. Oh wait...
My cousin is in town. His pants are all so ripped, and torn. All with holes...
we have Papi u idiot. Last thing we need is an ancient, roided out idiot taking up a spot on the roster
Whenever I look at someones dp I always look in the background for clues about their lives. Don't even tell me it's creepy I bet all u do it
Meech started drinking plus he aready did give a fuck so he really started gettin JUICED UP, Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
Time 2 Run GOOD
This is the last full week of school. Thank god.
I like the beauty in games. Especially ones found at GenCon!
Adversity: the moment champions live for...
We need to put more effort into making non-car transportation sexier!
Thanks for faving the tweet.
I covered ur rally today. Regardless of u feel about her stance, how is it appropriate for you to label that way?
Somebody dm me and i will give you oxygen.
Who do you write for?
"It is better to look ahead & prepare than to look back & regret." Jackie Joyner-Kersee
FTIslandRETURN COMEBACK! SATISFACTION!
thanks for the update
Adele - what a standout. There's pretty much no words...
Singing is not worship. Justice is worship, and when justice prevails the people sing. -Eugene Peterson
Not today sorry guys. Meet and greets coming soon. I think I can hear you screaming already
Last Month I pinged like hill to tell him that I'm back to UAE and he just replied... Great :)
Maybe it's the BATHING they object to in the story, rather than the nudity LOL
Sounds great, let me know your schedule - look forward to catching up there.
...dude found out we're cousins....Caroline America Hanks is my great Grandma.......sister to Nancy I believe......
I want to be like you when I grow up
Happy birthdayy thankyouuu for Sunday hope wee can hangoutt again soon :)
People sure will let you down...if you let them.
I was gonna say you sure love Ricks hard spot lol. That's cool. Florence + The Machine right? I wanna go. Yes let's get together
Right-handed people live an average of 9 more years than left-handed people.
It's happened to me before. Led to a healthy confrontation and healing conversation, actually. He had blocked it out.
picture me rollin'.
Guess what time it is boys and girls?? Its tip toeing time
Hey there. How are ya?
Thank you!!
Anyone not see that Bruce shot coming a mile away?
wait a min .
open your miiiiinnd
"Invest in the human soul. Who knows, it might be a diamond in the rough." - Mary McLeod Bethune
What a deformed thief this fashion is.
we can do a 3sum
If you don't text me, I understand. If you act like you don't care, I understand. But if I stop loving you, it's your turn to understand.
Name your horse Tapsamour or Taps Amour. Makes use of Jazzy Love and Tapit while sounding like Tap Some More when Trevor announces
Hang in there!
Had stopped following HuffPo because she went tabloid. Did she make the tabloid cover herself today?
followback is a Awsome account related to Porn ;P
What a romantic idea. Love it. : HTML is the DNA of the web. via
Workforce: sustainability is a big problem with all arts-engagment.
I'm the kid who blocks there own family members on facebook?
just asked if we can go to the bathroom together at the same time shell just straddle me.... #creep #freak #nasty #mental <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
“: So do most netbook owners, I think.” / as I reply from my iPad.
*acts like that didn't just happen*
Best definition of Tangible Interaction Design so far lol "You create meaningful conversations with desks"
Cleveland didn't experience an earthquake today: it was actually pulling tractors for his last day of training camp
Sitting in this room playing Russian Roullete. Finger on the triger for my dear, Juliet.
hi bby I love u my wife
Got hugged by a complete stranger after prince hit his third homer last night . I love miller park!
Writing treatments.
jogging at castle island
Join us today to hear the Four Point Model of Staying Resilient with our guest, Dick Ruhe! Good info we can use in all aspects of our lives!
Today's title in church was: Real Mothers in a unreal time....
oh bryan, your like an old person when it comes to technology
Looking for a fun, friendly bootcamp/workout group in MKE, possibly near the lake? Any ideas/suggestions?
I think he'll be ok. Dr Dempsey took good care of him.
#NBCUpfront - Looking for winners/losers from today's announcement? Brands, want to know what shows to buy/avoid? Ping me for more info.
ok I got u gurl. Hold on
the Republican blow-back re: Obama's comments about Trayvon Martin is literally insane. Disgraceful that it morphs into political rhetoric.
I just can't take tests.
Tryna spend time with her today cz I knw Ima be studying al day tomorrow then the week gne strt n its bk to our same old routine.
At tim and scott's show with todd!
Time to eat sushi.
Ive always wanted to run away, not because I'm unhappy with my life, but for the thrill of the adventure
Welcome, and Happy Anniversary. We're so glad you chose to celebrate here.
Just wanted to say that I really enjoy your videos love the colors and editing style, especially like the chris ans busta one
Speaking of eating and getting fat, did you know Zachary Taylor the Prez ate so many cherries & milk he got severe diarrhea & died?
Out in 6th for 0. Ak < kk for my 14 bigs. Possibly could've found a fold as absurd as that is
Well no shit. He said he's repping his neighborhood. Not his country.
duhh it's Sushi Sunday! :) if I knew how, i'd send with this a picture of my delicious sushi waiting for me to consume it
who's Cat fav Avenger?
at my parents house in oak creek... Their cable and Internet is not working and apparently hasn't for weeks.
then, almost Bless You. ;)
It's 43 degrees this afternoon in Columbus. A steady wind of 40 MPH. But my day just became awesome.
Florida is just one state I could NOT live in...
Had a Great time performing tonight at the chill bar
are now TRUE "PAKALITES!!!"
Indeed, baseball is humbling.
Mario Lopez is so freaking hot & so is & so is @ the list goes on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
You just want me cause i'm next .
Geeze just realized a lot of my friends aren't single.. And why am I still single
You bet.
I'm not good with expressing myself to other people I like keeping things to myself :)
Doin chicago the way its supposed to be done
Now only 15! We're so close!
Taught 4.5 hours of visual resources (research) for Drama 100....happy that their library assignment counted for 5% of their final grade.
R.I.P Trayvon Martin.Let us us not 4get our brother who was slain in another random senseless act of violence.I wish things were different.
YESS!! Congrats! RT : I'm humbled 2B a part of such an impressive array of superstars n 's
Love the feeling going to bed knowing that a) some people really do love you b) I get to sleep in! No work til 12!
I get that the guys who own Brothers paid a lot-$1.98MM-for the property but assessed value is <$750K. Makes $2.1MM sound like a nice offer.
“: I could totally help with writing Season 2 of #Scandal.” haha me too!! Give us a chance!!! My novel is juicy
I just seen in person, that Azz so nice I seen 3-4 niccas standing outside they door watching her walk by, speechless lmao
I'm so glad u made it out James! Thank u so much:) RT": I'm at about to check out heat up the stage"
Right at the epicenter! Girls are home today, and Braeden crushed his hand last night at the park, so plans changed entirely!
Exciting things happening this week...... stay tuned!
Obama/Romney/or any other tuff guy suit wouldn't/couldn't/didn't kill anyone. The SEALS killed Bin Laden, while politicos held their wankers
Good post! Now here is a Holy Hand Grenade to finish them off in style! ; )
And it goes like this a penny for your thoughts But I plan to make millions
Daaa Bills. We got a better wildcat than the NY Jets now
Earlier today we had some issues with a DNS server providing access to MCNY's IQ mail server. The issue has been fixed, and IQ mail is back.
I know I'm not supposed to listen to words people say about me, but I'm sick & tired of my sibs treating me like trash! Shit's gettin old.
Just installed the Blackberry 6 OS. It's a big improvement - sort of like the iPhone if the iPhone did less stuff.
okay whatever
No never!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! you are the cutestt. ;) love yoouu.<3
After about a year with it, I can say Roku has changed the way I watch TV. Great experience for a $70 price point.
It's a bon fire and hot tub kind of night:)
I wish I was in Vegas doing the same with you! Although, I am eating some food and drinking some drinks too. Except in NYC! :)
oh my god it's amazing, i love it hahah!
I always get so disappointed in myself when I get angry.
; - I loaded the press release into our system on Friday & did not update it w/today's date
"iseenittoo" we make a lovely vinaigrette
Is red licorice worth a trip to the market tonight?
Ru Paul Iron Fist Maribou Mule Slide Slippers in iridescent silver
": Awkward moment when Snooki's relationships last longer than yours." that's fucked up lol
RT : Q1 not all paper books get returned in one piece. A higher price? Maybe?
Dear Mr. Spider, Unless you pay the rent, You cannot live in my house. Sorry <U+2665>
I remember being blind to it, til the day I put my mind to it
Going to bed. Goodnight everyone! <3
The only solution I see is that we rebel against the Today Show.
#edshow It's FASCINATING to watch the LIBERAL MAGGOTS squirm in the ugly, muddy mess they'd CREATED.
Why is graduation soo early?!
The Chalumeau goals were simple. To provide an instrument which sounds good, is easy to play, is affordable and kid proof!...
lemme talk to joel, c if he wants to go,I'm game for whateva!
. -- "I am an accidental philosopher of things bovine."
AMEN to that.
Westen on principles of effective messaging: Tell a coherent story and "if you don't feel it, don't use it "
im bout to make me some cheese eggs bitch lol
Ha! yes-I seem to spend a LOT OF TIME making art or sleeping-Hahaha!
Third time's a charm. I really want to get to Mexico.
Putting turkey bacon in the oven while getting ready for work: Best business decision of the day!
And here are your Pittsburgh Succos.
"Was I ever that young?" "No. You were younger."
; so you DO like & want cock? #TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
So now I can catch the big trucks with the "How's my driving?" phone number when they cut me off.. among other things
myhaam, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Come on caps. U gotta score. Get on the net.
Happy Thanksgiving and congrats to y'all who finished the half marathon today! See you tomorrow for #blackfridayatl!
WOW! Way to go Giants!
At the Paramount Theatre for Mamma Mia. How long will I end up having ABBA songs stuck in my head....
Control your mind, master your thoughts, control them
woke up listen to that nigga 2pac........
Girls start being slutty at such a young age now days.
I just had a dope
"It's not about who you spend the most time with. It's about who you had the best memories with"
Spoke with a woman at the studio, teaches 20 homeschoolers & clueless about the hazards of art materials. No protection of the kids! What!?
& the perfect people ;) lol
fascinating! I must research now. ;) thanks for the info!
you know you loved TEXAS! Follow us pretty please, darlin'? xoxox
Did Walker show up to GOPfest or is he scared that too many Republicans are against him too?
Getting the Hulk tattoo would feel like the devil burning my flesh off with needles dipped in alcohol then sand papering the wound.
But now I'm going to bed... So, goodnight <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Why does everyone assume i'm a Playa I really don't pimp hoes I been faithful for a past few years
In class talking to David and Johna. I'm gonna miss them when we leave here.
I DONT EVEN WATCH BET MTV OR NONE THAT SHIT I TUNE IN 2 WHEN I WANNA BE ENTERTAINED
Last full week of bullshit.
RT I'm supposed to be sleep. >me to
Watching #laescaleratr3s what a great show! Feeling very proud of the team! Congratulations!
RT ": I wish my money would have sex in my wallet and multiply."
I'm not speaking negatively about a player for making correct decisions. Won't change my mind on that one. Doesn't make sense to me.
Still waiting.... The end is in sight, though! Big crowd?
Another long day,
Missing ARE YOU MY MOTHER? after finishing it, even as it's still talking to me in my head.
yes you are >.>
Making My Way Downtown Walking Fast ( : Lmaoo Just Came On
I love so much!
Ps , just saw BONJOUR TRISTESSE at and you are a ringer for jean seberg's punky double
are u starting work already?
in the words of Fred Armisen in #Portlandia, flash mobs are OVER!
This defines me. Resiliency; The ability to recover from or adjust easily to misfortune or change.
hahaha okay well I'd it makes you feel better I will NOT get a pit bull or pug
I would have gotten violent today without the support and help of two lovely gentlemen: & Thank you, guys.
My phone is blowing up tonight, yo.
Nobody said it b easy
. Scott Wittman is in the audience watching as Marc Shaiman plays piano. Love it!
Oh, do I ever! I grew up with the 71 drive-in. They had pony rides and a kiddie train that circled the drive-in!
cute but simple always wrks for me. Ur smile will do the rest. Where r u meeting him at?
Saw and a host of amazing comedians tonite w/ Off the Chain Productions!! Just showing luv! Follow #dope!
that's the goal god willing
Hi! Long time no talk, how are you!?
Stuffing my face with cookies.
3 seizures at work
Og just made breakfast; steak &nd potatoes;
oh he'll naw I would say tht. Lov our lil blasted moments when pickn up... (FunnyTweet)... Um I don't get it lmao
Thanks for all the #FF! You all rule
lol I hope so sugar <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Today, we are thankful for our country's brave veterans. Thank you for your service!
I don't think you have anything to worry about ;-) Besides, the flight to LA is pretty short. I'd commute!
Damn I didn't know he was that old, but then again all Asians look young. I'm often mistaken for a teenager
RT Don't know why this caught my eye so much, but our leading rebounder is Andrew w/ 83 total rebs. 2nd is Rose w/ 82.
thank you! You Rock, Jaye! Looking forward to hanging and playing music with you, girl!
yo it's too early for this... Spurs vs. Celtics in the Finals... log on!
Congrats on the new position!!!!
Education is a method whereby one acquires a higher grade of prejudices. - Laurence J. Peter
Can anybody tell me what the crap is going in with iPhones?
Them tacos were good >.<
I just adore his tweets. Like, can read them for hours.
Ha! Is the bar owner anyone we know?
#808Pride girls if a man ever puts his hands on u and there is a knife next to u ....god gave u hands but them to work
Jon Klein's Chance & Necessity is wonderful. Go see it tomorrow at 7:30 at the #CUA drama school. IT'S FREE!
I'm good...and I hope I wasn't intruding. What's new with you?
Yes, been worried ever since hearing of GoogleHealth. This is something that should stay with gov'ts or non-profit coalitions.
I can't wait for You should go follow or die in a hole!! :)
As it turns out it didn't matter
It was an absolute honor to be in the company of such talented and dedicated educators at today’s teacher appreciation ceremony.
Isabela calls ours "squid" and spritzes it judiciously.
thanks for coming out today Michael. We really appreciate it. Glad you liked the :)
Jake from who???
Great meeting today with all stakeholders Thx for coming! Topics discussed #progress #business #ethics #students #goals etc
wow...surrounded by people stuck in madness!
Is that a USA chant I hear? #Twins Ha
Bollywood is so ready for Hi Fashion. You gotta bring your swagger to Bombay.
RT : excited for this morning's live reports from preps with ! Hope you join us starting at 7 AM!
lol SHE WAS
Who you calling a lump?
to the random chick in the avi, when u awake. Good Morning Haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Learning and Blessings to U all
It's crazy how we don't realize what's in store for us in the future and it's all up to us.
having a great production of SNOWY DAY at Adventure Theatre. Wish you could see it.
Its not really bad yet but this rita got me feeln like its 30 below
Haha a creepy old man!
“: Big ups to my dude thanks”. Thanks sorry was on a call
Let me be clear, it was just a coincidence that the U.S. soccer team started to struggle every time Barack was mentioned on the broadcast.
Listening to passionate, poignant speeches at #Trayvon #bomorrison rally, after speaking on #castledoctrine repeal
Go OKC ! We on Are Way
"Tim Tebow is a great kid," Elway declared. "If I want someone to marry my daughter, it would be him." OUCH low blow.
c'mon Rich, be nice to the promo dept!!
Amazing concept -- can't wait for it to become popular in the US!
The Chicago Bulls is hosting the Charlotte Bobcats tomorrow eve at the United Center. Call at: 888-493-0004 to get your tickets!
HOLY MOTHER OF GOD ABSOLUTE DESTRUCTION
you think that goes fast try all 4 years
hey Diane, when is.your last day at #tmj4??
As I look over at the beauty laying next to me sleep, my only thoughts is that I am the luckiest man alive. Thank you God for my angel.
Good guess just a little late lmao
Prince, we know you don't have a twitter, but assume you monitor our account and want to see us in MSP. You're on the guest list.
That term is "Refreshing." This helps the food retain its flavor and color.
I wish u luck with Caregiver book. Makes me feel good just knowing you are doing it.
RT : Y'all best be wishing a happy birthday!!! What is it with all the bravolebs that are Taurean?
So much respect for Pat Tillman
yea man link up
I really love that my roommate is watching a movie right now that stars Clint Eastwood AND AN ORANGUTAN.
Text us your sports questions & comments for our !
hate the vibrotto in her voice, like she having a seizure
hahaha!!! when he does is an excellent tweeter
Oh is that why he's like that. Consider the territory marked Alice. {winks & giggles}
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far. - Marilyn Monroe
Just a shoutout to all of my followers!
Name of spokesman at press conference?
Nope. Got a much, much, much better offer from Georgia Tech.
Dont worry , someday you'll find a guy who will smear your lipstick than smear your mascara </3
Prepping for tonights Bucks / Heat game, let's get this win!!!
Please tell me you're not talking about JMOMS so I can share in your happiness.
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #17 - The average American consumes 280mg of caffeine a day.
Racked up shawty.
J Cole and Kendrick Lamar? That'll be interesting to hear.
This is thee first day in ages that I have done absolutely nothing in a day...i mean NOTHING but sleep
anyone still need some garth tickets? i know someone that needs to get rid of some. hit me up.
Christians aren't perfect, they're just forgiven!
Favorite client comment of all time. "You guys rock hard on steroids, Jack, and a bunch o' groupies from South Carolina." :)
Tonight! On the red eye. Dinner & then the 'port I go!
If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
Haha... Jamming out and just got up to get something to drink meanwhile, and I come into my room and my sisters tablet is on full fucken ...
Kids Sleep Tip ~ Try to go to bed the same time every night. Your body gets used to a schedule and will be ready for sleep.
Hey fellow Trubies, the wolf himself big is on tonight! Will Mrs. Suit replace my cousin Sookie? LOL
cute article about you in USA today!!
DS: yes we did. And beat your sorry ass Steelers not once, but TWICE. You lost to TIM FUCKING TEBOW. Take a seat.
The June cover story is being laid out now in ; excited to see the finished product. Also wellness sidebar
Hehe RT : "Cloud nine gets all the publicity, but cloud eight actually is cheaper, less crowded, & has a better view." George Carlin
too be honest i wanna see the five year engagement cause jason siegal is a teddy bear and I'm gay for emily blunt.
I'm off to yoga! Lol wish me luck!
Aw engagementiversary twins!!!
thanks for the RT
This is true... The beard trumps the stache everytime... I'm in your corner like Don King
charlie come to candy mountain charlie! oh mans.. I've missed that video.
*slips into the bushes*
Interactive Technology to play crucial role in Disney Stores Nationwide - www.sojolounge.com
we saw #TheHungerGames yesterday, and it was so much FUN! FUN! FUN! we tweeted more details if you want
In Beirut! It's the Paris of the Middle East. Ooh la la
Great Tuesday! And a great day to try our new Unlimited Leads and Dialer platform! Contact us to get details 866.460.6611
I am Winterhawk fan, but even I can appreciate the wonderful season and job Cal did this year.
you're a jerk ._.
My spell check just tried to change "futbol" to "viable". Suck it, soccer haters.
Lindsey what did you do to your cheeks girl!? not cute.
haha true that. Cool marker skills too!!
Lovin Saturday so far nothin to do :) lovin it!!! Need to get out the house tho :P
What's the record for a team being shut out in a season?
Gonna run lines for my one woman show -in bed!!
heyy how you been stranger I see you still not following me back Lolz
Side by side at 100+ with a woman driving a M5 all the way to work.
The results for yesterday's poll: Will you be getting up early to watch the Royal Wedding? 100% said No! | PollMKE.COM
I'm just waiting for a bold, courageous restaurant that IS responsible for lost or stolen items.
State of the art.
Met a young anarchist storyteller @ the Welsh festival yesterday who told a great story of getting thrown OUT of jail:)
Producer/Songwriter Eric Ayers came through Silverwood tonight to work on a song for gospel legend, Dorothy Norwood's new project
Goin to pick up my bro itx ben so long!
tomorrow should be fun ;)
we did get the candy back ($3,000 worth) but it was dirty and we couldn't reuse it (had been put in emptied sawdust barrels)
Who is this girl talking on #abc? Annoying.
Yes!! :D There is 3 really big ones around here! Me and Kellie are like 5 year olds and we legit still go outside (Cont.)
Yes!!!It comes with K cups!!Can make one cup of coffee at a time,, so many kinds of coffee to choose from!!! A tad pricey!
Boy:tell me a secret tht u have never told any1Girl:u dont want to knowBoy:if u tell me urs ill tell u mineGirl:I<3uThe boy said thts mine2
yeah right
Good Night World... Tomorrow awaits you.
Outstanding partner Lori Lubinsky did an excellent job arguing case this morning in Wisconsin Supreme Court. Hot panel.
The person that's at my house <<<
As a librarian I advocate shushing their asses. That will really show them.
You name the day/time and we'll be there!! :)
Had that 7 goal swag
Justice without force is powerless. Force without justice is tyrannical. ~ Blaise Pascal
same here!
sorry I made them for Ronald . Lol . I'm making more this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Unfortunately we can't help you with the trade in, but I can hook you up with a killer deal.
One day when the sky is falling, I'll be standing right next to you
Good afternoon everyone! It's Thursday, still gotta keep it moving, the weekend is almost here, what healthy actions r u takn 2day?
I grew up in Toledo and went to Saint Francis de Sales up there! I'm at a middle school in Dublin right now!
live running commentary throughout from koin, starting at 2.
What may matter to one doesn't always matter to some. But as long as one has their fun then their concerns should be none.
hey girl, do you know if your job is hiring???
Roger Clemens doesn't want his former teammates testifying at his trial. Details at 5:30 on
Sorry, I was eating :p
A Bedtime Story For The Ages - Huffington Post (blog)
How are the "little" projects coming along? (cont…
ESPECIALLY 09.29.1980. I know two good looking brunettes w/ that bday. ;)
WOO WOO
We still need 2 producers that are looking 4 recording, touring, movies and video opprotunities.
When is the last time someone got a roll of film developed? Lmao
You can't sneak anything past me.
We fixed a small problem with the ball release on Dracula. Now it doesn't drop into multiball at the wrong time.
Welcome aboard.
That's great, I'm really glad to hear that! The site looks good. Thank you so much for supporting us! Keep in touch.
My syllabi are almost finished for the fall. I can't believe that school starts in a little over a week. Where did my summer go? ack! :D
Thanks for the follow! You sounds like our kind of tweeter!
I had a bite of my sister's maple brown sugar granola bar... and it was TOO sweet! hjgfyjgdwtpjh
This year, for the Holidays, try to forgive someone.
why would you cancel that?! xD
Forgot my flute. Oh well. They probably marching anyways.
Please note: Animal Humane will be closed today due to weather conditions. Please be safe and keep pets indoors!
Crap. My crown just popped out.
Finally catching up on #musesocial chat. Sorry I had to miss it!
“: "Restoring the American Dream: Getting Back to Work" @ 8p Sun - how to grow jobs quickly.”
sounds fun! lol. good times for me are Mondays-Friday after 4pm pst. I go to sleep around 10am pst. =X lol
i have to dig into this one! A Mazda RX3 stn wagon with a stick shift i learned to drive on the way home. Pd $500.
“: I am now a notary. In case I forgot to post.” you can now perform weddings in Florida :-)
“Jazz today, as always in the past, is a matter of thoughtful creation, not mere unaided instinct." ~Duke Ellington
- when oh when is the Green Route going to start? September maybe?
could tell you that I'm a horrible person, but he could never say that I have taken him anywhere with bad food.
Good morning #NFAIS, got my front row seat and my coffee.
Making chicken parm tonight.
He has achieved success who has worked well, laughed often, and loved much.-Elbert Hubbard
Well I have a CATS themed video coming out this Wen. No costumes though =P
Are you watching Dancing with the Stars ? Would you ever think about being a contestant ?
Obviously I'm watching the end of this game.
And I thought the little girls like Jessica, but it looks like they like Phillip more.
Going to a puppet show w/ Livy & &
And walked it?
Rooney Mara's like, "Jesus, Ryan, shut up about the dress already!"
The annex elevator now smells like bacon- THANKS* *not really thanks
Cathy, My Momma, and I played hookie from the store today... we got some new (old) stuff for the store!!
Good morning Twitters! Have a bless Sunday!
awwh, he's so cute <3
No talent.
#hellyeah I'm pumped.
Friday is a good day for to kick my ass. Ready to sweat.
RT somebody out there knows this man and justice is coming! bit.ly/onYcwb
Yes cold reduces pain
honestly, it blew my mind.
Nights out...follow-up to Basic, board meeting, Leadership Training and board gathering. I didn't spend this many night out when I drank!
hello there! how's your leap day? :)
Did just get on Tiny Chat!?!?!?
Is feeling bangs. Cum dew my hur
Management team could be best asset
Thanks for the follow Bun Lai (MiyasSushi)! :)
Shout out to for featuring our new accident app! Glad you guys find it useful :)
love shorty's?! stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
Hope it's going well for you Jonathan.
Gregg Williams should receive a lifetime ban from the NFL.
25 page article? No thanks.
seriously I don't know(; everyone needs some of our swag(;
this weekend!
SPA DAY!!!
If you're going to choose something not to give, a rat's ass is as good a place to start as any.
Got a new space... Getting the keys on Tuesday!
and then mob music just creeps in lol
...then don't transform into a hairy, fanged beast of legend and date my daughter and everything will be fine, right?!
Blondes don't like other blondes. Fact.
i mean if its what you want but you need to fuckin visit more often than not or we're gonna scrap
Tourists taking pix with the nypd in times square?
The band just posted brand new video to www.nemesysband.com
Just ordered a 3 month subscription for my Godmother as a Mother's Day gift.
Get it ? Forget it
Yes it is.
Ready to watch #CNNHeroes. So inspiring.
My new glasses should be arriving tomorrow! Woohoo! :D
#wwhl Harold is awesome! Uchiko is the best of the Top Chef restaurant I have eaten at out of the 15 I have been to.
I swear parents are programmed to be embarrassing all the time
By the way, the "Heatles" was stolen by James, Wade & Bosh. Damon Jones made that reference to the 2005 Heat.
downloading a screen shot app but your phone isn't "rooted "
O/T period for #MISLChampionship game 2 underway
Today is Nascar's Daytona 500. Here at AZ Hot Air Balloons we wish Tony Stewart and the 14 team the best of luck today! Get em Smoke!
CHILLIN WITH MY DAUGHTERS TODAY LOVING THE PARENT LIFE
Re-watching the very first episodes of ! Still adore the beginning of my second favorite love story, Finn & Rachel! <3
Planning groupon dream vacations is my favorite non work activity when I'm at work.
The average host with 20+ people will earn over $1,000! Book your GOLD PARTY TODAY! Call (800) 774-9134!
Lmao RT : I need to adjust my mustache...my nigga said I'm going for the Dirty Sanchez look...had me weak but I'm still offended
katy perry teenage dream !
No lamaze class? Oh, the scandal!
Yea! The new Lego Brickmaster set is here!
“Whatever you are, be a good one.” - Abraham Lincoln
DC-bound
Overheard two old men arguing about motorcycles, scooters, & bicycles. Seems they shouldnt have road rights. Especially scooters & bikes. :(
could not agree more! Can't wait for next week!!
I will have 3 sets of saints season tickets for sale! Club level seats and 2 sets of plaza level!
Today in 1998, Yad Vashem recognized Alfred Holschke and his 2 children as Righteous for rescuing 6 Jewish girls from a death march
Fastest way to annoy : Set your IM to "appear offline."
#MaleModelMonday shout out to -- Happy Monday!
RT : Special welcome to all the FAM attendees and media in Cleveland for the 2012 Rock Hall Induction Ceremony.
who are you again?
hello everyone goodmorning...
CHECK OUT THE MOVIE SITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM & PREORDER YOUR COPY TODAY!!! NEED 1 MILLION SALES! UNIVERSAL STUDIOS IS DOING PART 2 !!!
you RT'd me saying shout out time. Not the one I said RT for a shout out lol
Free business idea: fantasy themed frozen yogurt place named... "FroYo Baggins"
I second the triple-sieve suggestion because I can't think of anything good on my own.
oh please. all that mattered was that heel and you couldn't tell on that shot. go back to sleep.
Mean Lars is mean.
We did it for the art of #hiphop cuz we love making #music!
Gotta play the Canadian COOP all week! Hopefully something big will come out of it!
I'm picking 'Hunger Games' to stay on top this weekend. 'Wrath of the Titans' coming up #2. 'Mirror Mirror' is my turkey pick of the week.
Great! Yes, but I'll be finished with my MA program in a few months and plan to move back to Indy. Can't wait!
Even better than the food?! Shabbat Shalom guys!
wait I'm following u boo
relaxing eating some breakfest trying too get some fresh ear
Thanks to the webshopsapps Magento Override extension we were able to create shipping rule per product based on quantity.
We were blown away by the combined power of the chorus and symphony at rehearsal last night. Looking fwd to ending this season w/ a bang!
Today has been a beautiful today, how was yours, and remember bitches be honest.
Finally.. IT'S FRIDAY!!!! :D
Hm ... according to my web site stats, Twitter users click links less than FB, LinkedIn, Google+ and Pinterest users! WTF! Wake up!
RT : RT if you followed so i can follow you!
I got it...thanks
I wonder If ever creeps down his timeline? Lol
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. -Isaac Asimov
It's better to give, but we'nt give a fuck about'em
Happy for Roberto & team. The good guys do win sometimes !
Please stop by and visit #ShelterHopePetShop! We showcase shelter animals for adoption at the Janss MarketPlace Mall!
Thanksgiving upon us... Great time of the year to stop and reflect.... What are you thankful for?
Be careful how you word it, if you haven't actually heard it... & don't be so fast to believe, if you didn't actually see... #quote me
Lovely piece! Yes, having hobbies/following non-work passion is important. The movie "Rock On" exemplifies the need beautifully.
:) what's your favorite oje of Ariana's cover songs?
have fun with them ;) and make sure to give them back tomorrow :)
Aw, this is the third week in a row Austin doesn't do an Austream.. Oh well, he's making something special for us that's much better :)
networking. Hustle. And not being greedy, just trying to offer our clients the best products and info.
Powerful last sentence. #ShabbatShalom !
Texas roadhouse!!
If that isn't child exploitation I do not know what is! How can this be ok? It is NOT. Our media culture is rife with it
not sure I can do justice to this at all, let alone in tweet form..
friend: what's the first thing you think of when you hear- me: ONE DIRECTION! :D friend: ... (smacks head)
Great article on one of Program Graduates. Keep up the good work guys!
...respect for all of u ladies the team and the other fans!!!! This #PACKFAM is truely amazing and one of a kind!!!!
lol i thought maybe u were havin g a morning quickie or something lol crash boom bang it couldbve been lol
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx "Baby Boy"
I loved iCarly tonight best episode ever!!! I <3 1D!
Leftover Chicken Recipes These leftover chicken recipes are a fantastic way to use up that leftover roast chicken, grilled chicken or eve
Tough loss last night, but a great effort by Manny Harris, DeShawn Sims and the rest of the team!
Mad black woman
Understanding this thing called "life" starts with you. Define the true you and watch how your life takes a dramatic change in success.
going down tonight!
yep. He will not be fully healthy come playoff time.
<U+FFFD> Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That's why it's a comfort to go hand in hand. <U+FFFD> Emily Kimbrough
Moving Day, Secret of NIMH, lee of the stone, etc. cc:
LoLz she has said that in the past. But its usually hard to hear her over the crying.
Currently booking our artist on stages at Cornerstone festival.
just met with W. Cliff Oxford - Looking forward to Luxury Economics this week!
someone playing tricks on you! Practicing for #AprilFools Drums up some good ideas...
Tested and verified! RT If you Google "zerg rush", Google will eat the search page.
I better find your lovin’ I better find your heart I bet if i give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart
:: & join Live for "What's Hot" :: Frontier cuts deep/Planned Parenthood targeted/Drunk Injuries
Turkey or Tajikistan: who has more fun? there's really only one way to find out...
Yo im not even tired and its like 1 in da mornin usually i b tired is fuck at this time but guess ill do an all nighter ctfu txt me rdd lol
will be tweeting from the Santa Fe NGA conference this week! Stay tuned!
RT : RT : Be green while you spring clean this season! Check out these pet & Eco-friendly cleaning tips for your...
Once I stop giving a crap about you, good luck getting that back.
your right... Boobs and ass.
Glad to make the connection:
Going to a big movie priemire in nyc tonight
Going dress shopping for DWTS!
Milf? Ew! Not even that!! She's so wrinkly and saggy!! Her tits drag on the ground!
-_- what about your cousin
Lauren is so rude (rollin my eyes) i can cry if i want to. I FEEL TERRIBLE !
Happy Father's Day to all the great dads out there! Hope you got more than ties...
$5 back for spending $5 at ? What's not to like
we would have campaigned to secure middle-name naming rights!
yeah same here. We need to hang out more outside of work, something always comes up.
I think that it sold for like $650 if I remember correctly.
Acme Hotdogs is closed until Tuesday, January 10th, so we can spruce up at Acme Hotdogs! Thanks for your loyalty and we will see you soon!
I thought so, too! :)
Ray J's penis was longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage... Just sayin'
whole nation is proud of you. You guys were incredible last night! A great game, an unbelievable effort! Thank you!
That Diddy and Luda "Same D*** Time" remix is cold.
Go black!: black wave FTW! you me My sister & can blaze the blue trail ;-)
I wanna go get breakfast with a bad bitch. Lol first watch anyone?O_o
Off from one studio to the next...now if only I was getting paid for this...
Do you have a #Hawaii ID? Call us! $99 Kamaaina rates (based on availability) April & May INCLUSIVE of daily resort service fee. WOW!
YOSO - You Only Sleep Once
why is it that technology is never quite as shiny at the office as it was at etech?
Target fixes everything.
RT : I didn't just freakin stop. The motor blew up. I can't help it. Was trying to get to pit road.
be right there
Beautiful girls
thanks for follow DJ6
You know that feeling when you can't breathe and want to throw everything that's not attached to something? Yeah...that
I can dig it. Although often, even I don't get my own jokes.
Shoutout to : Thanks for the Follow! We're working hard to keep getting published in your awesome mag!
I shouldn't't have to hide all of my POS in the trunk of my car in fear that a Bar Fly will follow me outside.Or for that sake a Bar Manager
Q 2: #IntDesignerChat If asked to design an outdoor barbeque area, give us some helpful design tips and trends in outdoor area living today.
Thanks ! Pleasure meeting you.
thats whats up keep the shows coming here we had a blast on the 25th and can't wait to see you back in action soon. Who's nxt
Another tattoo is in my immediate future
THANKSGIVING part 2, your BIG NIGHT party on NYE which is also an ALL YOU CAN EAT (and drink) affair, we hope to see YOU !!
RT : just said meaningful reform can't happen with engaging teachers.
haha. Well yeah(:
What about Kobe's 81 points in a modern NBA game?
I think this piña colada doesn't have any rum. I think I'm going to burn a building down.
So let's let my tax money go to ONLY stuff you don't want to pay for and yours can go to what you want. Everyone wins.
South Falcon lost 49-61... 3rd place game is tomorrow afternoon.
"Where Have You Been" will forever be the greatest song.
except to convictions of honor and good sense.
That would have been one scary kitty!
I can't wait to get out of here.
Free wings at Hooters if you take your mom.
South Doyle boys???
send me an email to let me know what times you are available to do the mix show.
I feel so stupid when my parents drag me to go Geocaching with them. O.o
Since when did remembering names become such a thing? I think I offended dog face girl, again
Feature request: ability to auto-deduct from payroll systems into Kiva account to fund projects.
Really great bbq at Smoque with Steve and Rachel. Last dinner with them probably before their daughter arrives.
Marcy says yes you boys should do that! (He'll see this in the sent tweet list. ;) )
nice, i love yo beats man
The first five years of my solo business, when the struggle seemed neverending, I never missed a day, never took a nap
Jus Droppd Off Time Ta Go Home N Layout
It's a The Soul Hole kinda of Monday. Stuff a little heart in your soul & enjoy some $2 Schlitz tallboys while doing so...
Stuart Stevens~ Pride is a powerful narcotic but it doesnt do much for the auto-immune system.
Dear Comcast - F YOU
Yeah, it makes flights quicker too. You are occupied!
Me: "cuz guys dont find me attractive" Julia: "i know.."
Sure, I knew that. I also knew that Gwynn's son is older than I am, while Van Slyke's is not.
I've decided that I'm #democrabeep ing all signs on the way to
ARE *YOUR* SHORTS ANIMATED? RT : Stand-By Alert !! Animated Shorts -- Sunday
updating the Documentation page right now for iCalendar
You ever have a singing florist drop by your office with flowers and a song? Never a dull moment around here!
Ugh... huge nerd Dan Lipinski continues to insist on carrying around a pocket-sized version of the U.S. Constitution at all times
We utilize twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Hard Drive been going good all year! now its finals week & it wants to mess up!
In the future, everyone will have 15 minutes of shame.
Nice day today. Now I'm headed to the farmers market trying to get something to eat!
does he agree with his son Rand on the 1964 Civil rights Act?
ur such a beautiful creature
It is complete BS that NBA players cannot talk smack to each other. Let them compete.
Life seems dull this morning after last night's concert.
I hate that phrase.. Makes me cringe lol
9:45 tip on Friday. We may need to throw down on a portable tv.
We read "LOST" from Brooklyn
My son wants to see the blacksmith segment... Are you posting that one to your Facebook? He lives in Baraboo.
pay attention
Has anyone done H2O Bootcamp @ Princeton Club? Is it a workout or water ballet?
i'm seeing right through you like you're bathing in windex
Mark Barron, but he'll be long gone.
Receive a bonus when a you book a party with us this fall!
please notice me!!! please 4
Since I'm local, I kinda want to *do* the nav test to see if I could nail less than 8 miles.
Writing a tutorial for the first time...
Thanks for following What's your favorite movie quote?
#33 Very cool guy..Love following you and reading your tweets :)
would wide --> she bad
Happy Birthday! Woo 21!!! Get drunk!!!! Don't drive!!! YEAH Woo!!!
Working 7 hours at the Gregory Heights branch library. Been here 25 minutes and had one question about getting a library card. Slow.
go go go amercan kicks ass man
Join us tonight for late night happy hour & the music styling of Great White & The Captain (though the Capt. is stuck in Vegas) at 10pm!
did justin got the guiness award for holding his breath for a longtime?
Does anybody now if there's a radio feed for the USA game? I'm using a school computer and I can't download any plugins or flash.
APPETIZER CRAB-STUFFED BAKED ARTICHOKES smoked mozzarella, crabmeat, panko, spinach, lemon butter sauce
I am in love with Clint Eastwood right now. Love.
im in serious trouble...
The number of plastic storage boxes in this one ShopKo is freaking me out.
Wow! Just saw highlights of clippers-grizzlies, wish I could of stayed up for that, who doesn't love a comeback?
My morning alert is trading +73%! Congrats to my members that got in
Word?? So it's a staring contest we got going on
who still up tweet me or text me
I got three new #dancemoves 1. The single , 2. Double Dick Down, and 3. The pussy waterfalls, videos and institutionals comin soon lol
it's all about who you know and a little bit of what you know. use to meet awesome people
Just watched a wreck happen in front of me on the interstate.
It's time for Friday Blue C Trivia: all of our conveyor belts move at different speeds. Which belt moves the slowest of all?
Think gay marriage shouldn't be legal? Be sure to check out our sanctity of marriage issue page. We want America to be heard on both sides.
Inception still showing a great presents. Great movie!
Had a great day working on #crashingbroadway LP and writing for new she can't breathe record... <U+E00E>
help someone 'have a cow' today, follow the good works of
I left u a voicemail. Thx for the love
Keep his teammates from banging his mom!! RT : Grow a full head of hair!!!!!! RT : LeBron can't do what?
I love getting new spacers because they're so soft.
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "for true change we need to fight against monopolies so people can save 10% in their spending"
Bout to do a Beat Listining session for some clients.. ! #OverTime at aka
I guess i should throw away my six month chip, lol. I'm an addict, as so many of you know.
Say something, cause you're driving me wild.
Headed to Zurich Switzerland to rock festival with Talib Kweli....let's go!
Ok we dislike the fact that they aren't showing us what's happening on the screen!!
and i feel like some people don't think I can have something like that haha. So weird, right?
thank you for the RT
Whatever happened tothe Mandy Moore?
how'd you know that tweet was about you?!
Judy Wajcman: when thinking about gender & technology, we need to be both critical & open to its possibilities for transformation
I hope that all of you have taken time to thank your wives and mothers for all that they do - I am certainly grateful for my wife and mom..…
an McFarlane action figure of u to u & get u 2 sign them & personalize them 4 me? Dont want 2 sell, just huge fan of u & da U
Nathan Ryan #TWlikeyou I remember when I support for you
I knew a girl that majored in business & psychology in college. For $100 she'd blow your mind.
i love. You millionss , pleasee read this andd follow me h i would be the happiest girl alive <3
What's up stranger????
Happy New Year everyone!! May 2012 be the best year ever.
Congratulations to my basketball hero Larry Bird, Now an executive of the year. Quite possibly the greatest basketball IQ of all time.
Wrote copy until 12:30, last night. Clearly, I am up too early.
Established actors offended by a 2nd, after working w/dir. in 1st. Demand respect. Talented actors can do this. We're busy right :)
Grill mates...slow and low rubs?
I believe you mean la Ké$ha n'est pas?
There are bagpipers playing outside the Mayflower. Is it for Police Week?
Glad to hear it
no problem
Just you wait!
toy vacuum
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best.
Phoenix Mercury +6
I want Follow me? My best day :)
Enjoy a FREE afternoon of fun Saturday, April 2, on Morena Blvd 4100 block of Ashton St, showing the movie “It’s a Wild, Wild, Wild World
I would love to watch a few more bowl games, 42 were not enough
I kno, they're awesome! The albums's awesome! I just need to get it :D
I love catching the cheaters, but I hate hate breaking the bad news or confirming the bad news.
Rachel Video Tip: to get a AZ divorce, either you or your spouse must have resided here 90 days prior to filing.
Good Morning and Happy Easter... Remenber the day for its true meaning and of course enjoy it, friends, family, egg hunts, food and all...
- as of this Christmas, I now have a blue Soic Screwdriver as well. :)
Ha! Someone is just afraid you might decide to make dinner.
#WLCTwitterFollows from the WLC literary community
Coworker: ''Looks like the Heatles are tied with the Bull-each Boys!'' Get back to work, Gary!
where u at !
WAKE UP!
may have been mentioned, but how about Samkon Gado.
I swear some girls a friggin stupid!
WILL DO!
You see how it works? The scoundrels won't stand too much of that crappy humor. NNLOL!
I join millions of Americans in our #GreatDebate- there is too much corporate ownership in our lives. Corps not people.
oh holy heck - I only just discovered Google Art Project - as I was trying to go to bed tonight - more google art project tomorrow kthnxbye
Love the Jose Bautista story. Great pick!
Really? That's disappointing.
Rehearsal kicked ass tonight! this #Friday is gonna be epic!
Oh Kobe go play 2nite...
Aussae passe domeaveau sacre bleau im so in love with you its like the first time i saw you it was love at first sight # comin soon
Sorry about that last update...I was just really impressed, haha.
Now it's broken again.
Goin places, rollin j's, I live the life you wish you had. #Wizdom o_O
pumped to watch y'all play friday in Houston :D
Getting head on a porch. A mid-west thing.
's twitter avi >
lmao you funny bro
Mashed potatoes!
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind. Mahatma Gandhi
Sorry to hear about Derek Boogaard... My thoughts and prayers are with his family, teammates and loved ones.
I used to be quite a wine snob until it started to give me headaches. Still love it though.
Don't let me scare you! I still practice some of it years later, especially not letting things pile up in my head or inbox.
On a related note, my Nexus S on ICS is a black hole for battery life. I'm pretty sure it makes other phones around it go dead, too
Yep. Only fixed after I removed it plus the memcached file I had to add. Was working fine then kaput randomly.
Reality though is WIAA wouldn't want to deal with the PR nightmare of moving the boys tourney from Madison, if only for a year.
Bachmann hates government forced "abortion pills" for "innocent little girls." Perry suddenly voice of reason.
this traffic is ridiculous. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Need an idea for a Valentine's Day gift? Gift cards from Audible Images are a great gift. Call 412-367-4888 to get yours.
Feels good. Ditto. :)
stay strong Bri! Don't let him mess with your heart. I love you!!! <3
Had fun partying with and :)
aww I bet that made her day :)
Congrats on the handsome son!!!!
he is , i repented so much yesterday after this sermon i watched omgosh , i felt so far
no, I am single. But, me & #youknowwho are great. <3 .
GALLO IS BEATEN. SIT HIM/
what a pair. A spitting llama and an evil leaf hoarding giraffe!
Never let me go
remember when I saw him last year at the peach state for the first time? I blew you up!
The love for the Irish is on your plate starting today and straight through St. Patty's day. Check out the facebook specials.
At Rockfish with my wife enjoying drinks and food on the patio after yard work. 74F
thanks for the feedback! Our next mail drop is Friday morning! Have a great night!
Night night Cain! TKO Dos Santos
#blocSTAR RT : Didn't want to work out. Did it anyway.
happy Birthday Kendall.
totally! Except less badges and even MORE cookies!
I know you've been doing these big shows with & here in Chicago! How was that whole experience?
Need an opener for your tour? How bout an unsigned artist: Saw you with Ed last time around. Sonically pleasing!
Sports live today from Camp Randall. It's Day One of Badger camp. On Wisconsin!
WMYB just played on
Thanks. That's the goal!
Oh really? Is your hubby an engineer? Are these your daughters songs or yours?
Policeman who shot and killed Easton's DJ Henry named "Officer of the Year". Story on 7News at 5:30.
Thanks so much! Glad you enjoyed it!
The herbs you donated last year are SO BEAUTIFUL at our many gardens! Just wantd to say Thanks x a million - Happy Season!
will put that on my wish list. Any in particular stand out in Tulum? Headed back in a month
ok :) I hope I get it! How long are the shifts?
": My dad's wearing a snapback..what a steezer lol" Suegro got swag, what you talkin' bout! Lol
A #tweet you send while sitting on the #shitter should have a special name. Anyone got any ideas?
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage this hash tag
Lunch. Homemade Pulled Pork and Homemade Potato Chips. $6 bucks...fill yer guts.
Lost big pot. Guy called me dwn with bottom pair oop n raised pot with 3 plyrs left to act & got there...
did the servers for D3 go down again?
Summerfest booklets are now available at the City Center Concierge desk!
apartment searching is a pain the ass!
Looking forward to report/review. 's piece in has made me skeptical.
I cant look at the news or anything I hate WOW! company and then they not even picking up when i calling them
"The last thing I want to do us hurt you" Yeah but it's still on your list.
--> "and also the world's gayest person who is really, really large." I liked it and thought you'd done it on purpose.
Heard say head coach Mike D'Antoni would be out by next week. Turns out it happened just now.
Make exercise just as important as your daily cup of coffee.
I may not be religious but I'm spiritual.
Heard at work: " we are not out to solve world hunger". Me: "sure but can we at least prepare a menu?".....
haha I hope not, that sounds awful, but I think you're right
So sorry to hear about your grandmother. My thoughts are with you and your family.
crowdsourcing video! We would love to know more.
clouds quickly giving way to sun...partially
Glad all you Paul Martin haters refused to challenge me on asking why you hate him so much. Proves you don't know a goddamn thing.
im patient when it comes to my music
RT Stay hungry, stay foolish. - Steve Jobs
To be real, it doesn't matter anyways..
RT : ALA members: Got a quiet Friday afternoon? Look for your email announcing access to the ALA elections ... and vote! See...
if you can't catch a yawn you're a psychopath!
Your a daimond short of perfect :)
« fuck gas prices»
#gomezpeer....Are all payouts complete for this month?
I have tickets now!!! :)
- shipping depends on weight, but should be $5 or less. :)
LOL! Love your bio! To Oxford or not to Oxford, that is always a big question for me!
Everybody is just a stranger. That's the danger in going my own way. That's the price I've got to pay.
yup :D
RT : Find/make a place to go when you're stressed. For 5 minutes/5 hours, use it to recallibrate
I always see Simpson kids at North Point mall. It's cool
check the group
i hate workind part 2 is fiting 4 the broncos !!!! text me
follow me<3?
Great story by my honey! wrote a new blog post. The big race is coming fast. What do you stand to lose or gain? bit.ly/oGperj
hey girl how are you! And when is it?
Have you ever met the #ThugInACocktailDress and if you have was she nice?
Mad skillz. RT : Falk: Endorsed by both Sierra club and one of the largest homebuilder's club.
Hey guys! I'm going to be in a musical called Les Miserables! Tickets are only 10$ and I need to sell 20 by Friday or I can't perform :(
You were there in spirit! Were your ears burning?!? , have a great weekend! Such a pleasure.
Sorry Denver seasons over
I admire your ability to do that. My attempts at it have not yet been successful.
RT “: It was our pleasure! We had a ton of fun helping out!”
can't wait! Will be glad to see you there
I'm just staring at ass....that thing is HUGE!!!!!!
It is nice to have my nights back! :)
- U paid us back when you got that degree.
working at my regular table. The table next to me seems to be the revolving door for Boystown first dates.
My Big Fat Greek Tittes
nothing but net.
That moment when someone shows you the ugliest picture ever of their *beautiful* baby....
itss out with the old. and in with the new (:
Damn what happened on bbw?! Lol
looking forward to the podcast!
My first reaction is that this fits the stereotype well. Notice how almost all of the subjects are white.
RT :can't wait to go watch WICKED at popejoy this afternoon with steve and crystal!
plan ahead man. dont go to nyc hoping to find a couch... you'll end up in a shitty motel in jersey city or a homeless shelter
You make us all laugh too Louis! Lovin all of your tweets today :) Can't wait to see you guys in Columbus next year!
Yeah. Okay.
Will the #Knicks make any deals tomorrow?
I agree 100%
lol...i saw that earlier.
Try 4 o'clock Saturday where I'm at on the west coast!
Same here...I am not really to sure how to use it, looks like I will have to invest some time in teaching myself!
obviously you're at a great place.
What is the meaning of all this
Walking in a crazy ass storm with
Congrats Michael!!
sounds cool :D lol did you learn it already?
PFI Top 5: online banking, surcharge free ATM, convenient locations, bill pay & mobile. Can your credit union compete?
You're welcome Jessica. :) Would you be willing to follow me back? xoxo
I'm wearing a pink <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080> for
It's won't be happening basically.
well hello there!
#rochmn the chorale just rehearsed Precious Lord for A Song for Sendai concert on June 15...100 people singing acapella...POWERFUL!
for a costume institute it makes perfect sense.
Wigan??? Wow didn't see that one.
Text RED CROSS to 90999 to donate $10 for Japan disaster relief.
So much fakeness, so little patience
ATTENTION: towers is now serving Virginia ham so if you've yet to have ham from Virginia don't let this opportunity surpass you
yeah but forgot my password
Ewing will join center Peter Konz in Atlanta. Too cool!
Cultural anthropology's so much better than when it was all about measuring skulls/anatomy about a century ago, though!
found footage oriental still waiting
nice come back in lastnights race!
Don't know if there was a "full moon" the night of 's Wango Tango concert performance but there certainly was 1 when he was on
we don't send ship notices currently, it has been shipped. Contact 858-259-0987 Thanks!
I have made $37 since 11 AM. Paid $25 for parking and spent $15 for lunch. So I've lost $3 since coming to work.
Wow... The movie rocked!!!!
Just spit out my grape drank. ;)
Tonight's gonna be a good night.... Swag!!!!
Sherlock. No question.
Finally will unpack my books today...hello old friends
How does my two year old son have more clothes than I do? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
ALLOW ME TO FUCK YOUR FACE.
Treating myself to sushi for lunch...yumm!
First day of the #NFLDraft is a lot less exciting when your team won't pick til the 3rd round. Lots of time to focus on pick
Bout to see what this Detroit 187 is all about. Make me proud ABC!
Funny: Coughlin didn't really touch the Plax stuff, saying only of the comments, "I'm sure they were grandiose."
Shit about to leave da crib and get my day started.. What up doe
Y'all aint heard? You better start using protection, they got this shit called "K.I.D.S" going around.
got u yo
I've always loved this track! “: Rediscovering why my favorite piece to date is "Merry Christmas Mr. Lawrence"”
Il break yo fuckin nose..say sumtn stupid bout black mamba
no problem. it was wonderful year, and we cannot wait for May 19!
Just reminded how human/male I am. Got stuck at the Hot Wheels endcap for 5 minutes.
Thanks so much! Yall too! :)
I am working on a mobile play bus/van & portable imagination playground, popup park 4 park-a-day. Help?
Third time in a week devon. I love this place, and esp the outdoor patio.
If you're in DC and have an unobscured view, look now to the west at the beautiful glowing horizon and rolling clouds.
nice to meet you as well!
Really? You too? We're so not talking now..... :P
and I are going to be a hit songwriting couple in the very near future!
When I touch mile I see the man scatta, scatta as if I had a clutch on a magnum!
We got married last night. You must be mistaking my Siwon for another. Lol (this is fun...)
Well this is not good. Not good at all. Hope you're doing better.
Me too!I love I'm her big Fan and I love :) Do you like ?
#Caps never stopped believing in Boudreau. bit.ly/hMB0ig
Premature Evaluation: Japandroids Celebration Rock - Stereogum
Alpharetta boutique warehouse sale at Rainwater Restaurant. Stores incl. Lavender, Brina Beads, Small Concept and more.
Packed in 2 hours! That's a record! Of course I realized I have to run to the store for a few things..
I spend too much time alone in my head.
Are there any good new imagines??(:
reading your TS is like watching a kitten bat around a ball of string. You make it look easy keep up the good work!
yeah. Our bathroom has soft lighting: blessing+curse. Nice when I'm in there, but a shock on campus w/ fluorescents everywhere.
omg same here :/
Kobe Bryant's autographed Broken-Nose Mask sold for $67,100. All of it will go to Bryant's youth foundation.
Chromo-lithographs from Duruy's History of Rome available soon!
Got 4 quality pgs in the #writingsprint. I'm totally in for another one @ the top of the hr
Your crassness cloaked with intellect always brightens my day. Thanks.
RT Women age 15-44 are at greater risk of rape or domestic violence than cancer, traffic accidents or malaria
I dare you. I fucking dare you to ignore me you cunt.
High 5! RT : introduced and to this morning on the way back to Tigertown....
all your tweets five words
The Bad part of that is sometimes U find out ex post facto! know U could careless abt Ppls feelings U only want facts = Slow Painful Death
Just checked my email and sent me that F I R E!!!
Anyone have the date for the next meeting? And how about the event date in 2012? I am working on the calendar today! :)
Can't wait for class on Saturday at LouConte in Chicago!!!
One Love. One Life
Omg I love , she's just amazing #BFFS lmao shaving buddies forever
Thanks for the follow Jason Webb (digidrift)! :)
Engineering IS human life; art is our commentary on that life. This the bridge b/w Kipling's Children of Martha & Children of Mary?
i didn't know what to expect and that album definitely changed how I approached my writing and to be abit "fun" with it.
S.M.V Stanley Clark, Marcu Miller, Victor Wouton collaboration for us Bassaholics check it out! BASS GIANTS!
yeah they screwed that one up
Just unfollowed with extreme prejudice
Dear young moms, Your kids are excited about Santa. Introduce them to St. Nicholas. He was excited about Jesus - the real gift giver!
Cant wait to see my daddy I miss him!
Looking for a new laptop. Must be a workhorse, but light weight. Appreciate any and all suggestions.
sounds to us like you're planning for your future! :D
Carl Petterson: A refreshing reminder that four hours a day in the gym isn't a strict requirement for winning on the PGA Tour.
They told you that you had to buy new eyeglass frames just to get new lenses? Shameful!
The book, Convict Conditioning is an EXCELLENT resource for anyone looking for a practical, purposeful S&C info!
#west #west #west #west #west!!!
Love the new small #apple keyboard w/o a number pad. Provides much better ergonomics for those who mouse a lot!
63 days until I am hopefully back in Cali and add that my two best friends might be home at the same time I don't think I'll ever top that.
haha your comments are so funny!!! what are yoiu commenting about?
lmao bro it was
We are washed out for today folks. Navarro/San Jacinto will resume tomorrow morning at 10am
so "higher purpose?"
coming soon our event meet and greet Paula Deborah, activist & Author #tijuanachildren documentary
Peter Thiel. Best Investment Ever? Paid $500k for stock now worth $2.5B
And wants to move his guitars in. He's thinking we'll have sing a longs during breaks from our idea generating work.
I hope 2012 isn't as shitty as 2011. Happy New Years(:
whats wrong lady??
sup man? :D
Happy 13th Anniversary to me :-)
WISHING I WAS THAT LUCKY GIRL THAT WOULD RT AND FOLLOW BACK:( BUT WONT EVER HAPPEN BUT JUST INCASE I HOPE YOU SEE THIS ALEX
Obama believes in same sex marriage
On track for a record day of visits for - Anyone know why?
We have an opportunity to embrace the changing world to get more of these types of jobs here
please please please follow I love u so much
Here I go. :D bye bye.
Phaedra's mother is a pastor, but I am trying to figure out what scripture she is following that she will not "recognize" a child
Flying back to Denver today for 2 months of research.... weather permitting
Van is doing an errand, then we'll eat dinner. Want to come by around 6:30-7:00? That would be fun for us. :)
U didn't invite me :-( RT : Having lunch w/ sure wish was here...but we gonna hook up Sunday!
Ah, will do. Thanks!
Mrs. Hobbs booobies today. O.O
u can bring ya boy
a few months, yes. I am really loving it and don't think I'll ever leave :)
I'll never go back to the not having sex ways of the past.
dolma christmas party!
Q2 #Foodiechats via #RamonWOW What are your #AllTime favorite toppings on your #Pizza - prosciutto with arugula and figs
you have known thiss! stay home and get drunk with me
We did not get to see the aurora unfortunately. We arrived in Iceland through snowstorms. Regardless, had a fantastic time!
Yes. If Luc make 3rd it would have been a 3R double, advancing on the throw.
Thanks for visiting our dealership! We hope you had a great experience with us.
Romeo + Juliet Original Soundtrack <U+266B> To You I Bestow - Mundy - 1996 <U+266B>
what should I do today?
It's the weekend here at The SCoop! This weekend, we've got events with The Summer Set and Matt & Kim! Get excited!
"This is a no-brainer. The people of Wisconsin have led the fight against the radicals" -Judith Bosworth, Anacortes, WA
gets the coolest acting jobs ever. He was on Pretty Little Liars, now Awkward...I'm so jealous! #howdyadoit?!
Hey there - there's no cover for the Beer Olympics - it is FREE :) And beers are 5 for $10. First beer is $1 w/like&rsvp on FB.
Yes. Please.
no his not!!
please imagine my colleague and myself listening to you as students walk in & out our office, lol
Glad to hear you're making good use of our electronic resources!
Use site search analytics 2 inform what ur users want from u. Then tweak ur site 2 satisfy them. RT
Good plan! RT : with lots of SPF and a lawn chair
no excuses all truth
Ahh cant wait till your new album #believe , #muchlove , #makeachange (:
I got Cinco de Mayo and 420 mixed up...oops lol.
haha yeah. Been like that almost my whole life. Haha
i really wish people would stop inviting me to their open houses via facebook that shit is annoying & i'm not going .
Gettin ready to head out to for our meeting!
bron cant do it all
Continue to help us raise initial funds, buy raffle tickets, now...$1!!!! All funding has come from Coleman and Grayson's personal accounts
Steer clear. These puppies are E-vil.
Who is this Craig James gentleman, and why does he have two first names?
I'm glad there are #BOYLIEBERS in the world!
Is it bad that I like Justin Beiber's Xmas song?
Remember kids, POPPING YOUR COLLAR IS WRONG. So very, very wrong.
I need an necklace.(;
Claude Giroux would've smashed that door open with his stick.
Need to create 5 new videos before Memorial Day to promote my art for the 2012 #Atlanta #Jazz #Festival in
We're all set to #coffeebomb tomorrow. Keep your eyes peeled for our next invasion!
was doing the HIIT workout at this morning a few stations ahead of me. Way to set the example, Eleni!
Zuma is open today from 10am to 8pm...come out and meet ZOOM (our mascot) between 1pm and 5pm. The Fun Starts Here!!!
I think you just did haha. She never tweets me either if that makes you feel better.
#BOYFRIENDteaser show us! SHOW US SHOW US
Too bad there's no one to hit behind Votto...
": It's time to remember the ones we've lost. We love you and we'll never forget you." R.I.P great Grandma I love you <3
I'll TAKE IT!!!
Blessed because I woke up this morning. Have a great day Keyshia.
you best apologize..
Thanks for the helpful USMCC background. I look forward to meeting you in person at
i miss the sweet boy of 15 that sings ''one time'' :(
You are so freakin gorgeous, it is distracting. :-)
OH CRUD. YOU HAVE A STUPID SOCCER GAME TONIGHT. ^_^ and you wonder why we don't get along..
hey Thembisa. How u making out? I know your glad to be delivering before the heat kicks in. You taking it easy?
If you're sick of stress, contact me. I can help.
I know about all kinds of top secret projects. Maybe you should come to #CovertTU and we can compare...
Thanks; planning to use the idea in my RBS course. We should compare notes. Making a workbook now. Let's meet up in Cville.
Well, I'm hoping to find a job in digital humanities and/or project management in the Chicago area. Fingers crossed!
If only, that one hurt a bit :-)
Movies with my bestie ")
War in Iraq is over! One to go! ...Sigma out
What a great wake up with puppy kisses, phone calls for gigs, and a callback.
solid brag
Snow has FINALLY fallen! Welcome Winter, oh how I love you :)
mindless beahvior im a big fan can u follow mee and i love u al roc prodigy prineton ray ray love u guys
AR FOX WINS. JEFF PETERSON CUP 2011 FINALS REMATCH TONIGHT.
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
And don't worry we haven't forgotten about #TeamQinTheCommunity Thurs.Just looking for the perfect #SD people to highlight for our followers
FYI - I've been attending films at the Florida Film Festival this week - will be posting reviews probably next week. Look for them!
for real lol
What's a good word for the feeling when your heart is full to overflowing from all the kindness & love from the people in your life?
#ff the amazing (my lovely wife)
resolve to possess patience <3
I like never say no.....to anyone :/
I would be very happy with Morway as GM, Indiana has done a fabulous job under his watch.
I hate back stabbing bitches.
I feel like I'm the only one who is extremely excited for tomorrow...
if you decided to let them get into…the "Black" entertainment industry?.…….
Are you a Yoga fan? We have One Year Membership Gift Certificate for Unlimited Online Yoga Classes $25 ($90 Value) www.yourluckydeals.com
That being said, I'm now going to watch Deathly Hallows Part 2.
Only 10 days until new iPhones! Did you see the Siri voice-command function? How long until it turns into Skynet?!
While I don't recommend this form of media, but if you're ticked by stupid, annoying voices, listen to people in reality shows.
Putting in time and dedication in the studio.
Eyes heavy.... Let's go to Chicago... Fuck it!!! It's still early lol
last a day and the reason I'm here isn't here...ok well I guess
Rainy, lazy, weather in Miami. I guess I'm staying at home making more #accessories for the upcoming event on December 17th!
Vanity license plate spotted: TO OZ. #Australia? Or Baum's imaginary Land of #Oz? Both sound good on a rainy day in
It's official: When I wear my blue cap, they lose... Red cap, they win. Death to the blue cap!!!
Graduating with the class of 2012
God gave me you.<3
I'm good, working hard & counting the days down to see my daughter next week! How's ya new spot workout last week?
Love you guys! Farm on!
Jamaica...Carnival?!? hm.... interesting.
Dat baby don't look like me!
are you in New Orleans? Would love to see you.
just a thought: the beer detail page, seeing more of my friends activity/ranking of that beer would be awesome! friends > public
omg! Your seats are so close!!
LAX is crazy right now. Lots of grown-ass adults cutting in-line and swearing. Happy Holidays!
TAKE A PIC OF HER!
“: Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.” exactly what we said
Today, as I heard on the radio, is the day The Beatles broke up. So I'm listening to them all day, well minus work time.
sometimes, getting water to make tea seems like too much effort.
I'm anticipating a serious case of #12NTC FOMO.
im great family , how about you bro . Wyd this weekend
“The search for truth is more precious than its possession.” Albert Einstein
relationships are like assholes everyone has tried to be in one.
Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend!
"The time is NOW...enough is enough!"
was probably tweeting. ;-)
How was it? I couldn't make it. Does that title mean the rest of us are doing it wrong natively?
Thanks for downloading! What's your favorite song so far?? #ladygaga RT : Gaga ioki on my phone omg love
Oh no, why honey???
Back at cha
We're also on irc freenode channel
Time for some music ! listening to the Alabama Sheiks
I am so sry. About your loss I am praying for you guys
A couple glasses of wine, but no dinner yet... Yeah, my cheeks are a bit warm lol
Also break a leg #ccm2011!!! Love you all!
talk about low self-worth.
wud up pot head
Have a great weekend!
cant wait for rookie mini camp. I just moved out of state and I wont be able to go to training camp this year.
twitter champ
Welcome to Greensboro!! Just got in town, bout to get setup at the hotel then go have dinner with my brother & the fam
why what happen and why are you sad
That is so rude! I would never be so rude to anyone!
if you're at the hotel in #Anaheim take a photo of standard room and upload to You'll be compensated for your effort
Come sign up for the open mic. Erin's here. Our phone's working again!
one week from today my 16 year old son leaves on his trip of a lifetime! Cruise with his high school band!
Give dumb kids free tuition to ASU. Use the booze money they spend to fund real education. Solved.
#BU thanks for the love! I hope ya'l come out for #4sqday 4/16
Thanks for the RTs and mentions this week!
Just Marvel. And skullgirls side tourny.
This half & half snapple >
i feel the same way about people who claim to do
Awesome! RT : Wow! Had an amazing dinner at Great scene, great food, great time Will definitely be back.
School of life observation #1- everyone needs to take a class in self monitoring. Seriously, pay attention to non verbal cues.
I just put a worm to death by way of the garbage disposal. I'm a terrible person.
of course! Let's set the date!
Happy Friday...but, more importantly...Happy Autumn!!!!! #I'mlovin'it!!!
I was just kidding baby(: I like you bunches(:
manifest the malfunction of your mindstate
killin it with the flows! and ..kinda craving some lo mein now ha
Waiting for this MNF game to start, what am I gonna do when football is done??
You will wear it well!
Boomerang > New Cartoon Network
HUH? Claim a cash prize???
Promoting Independent Artists right! Independent Video Channel - IVCTV.NET - for the hottest videos. Record Labels and Artists check us out!
come and get it
Just went through iLounge pavilion, its hoppin!
My bad... Hahahaha! (I was there for three nights in a row and I think I still have mud in my ears from that weekend!)
Finally done!
both & fit the description - they can also recommend great #IxD candidates with #enterprise experience for
he might be but we got dem poachers tonight!!! Trouble on dem waters haha!! Good luck in Dallas!! I feel a podium!
My pleasure! Great stuff : - ) RT thanks for the RT! I'm glad people are so happy to share all the stories
guess who has 2 thumbs and is excited for your new album?!?! This girl right herreeee! :D #LetsParty #HariponInTheHouse! <3
let me know if you're free between sessions for coffee!
“If you run you stand a chance of losing, but if you don’t run you’ve already lost.” –
what happened at sk8asylum when you were in Phoenix
Amen Sister!
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't go to school on time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
what's good beautiful.. you should deff come visit me at work tomorrow lol
They need to do something about this...
I really enjoy it when someone says "Have a blessed day" rather than "Have a nice day".
I get you :) I was just sayin a little about why I love her. I could go on forever! :)))))
Just woke up. No school !:P
Forgot how bumpin Jet Files is
Finishing up Nietzsche's Genealogy today in Intro to Philosophy. On to Du Bois’s Souls next week.
lmao that was so much fun hahaa
Has a surprise for :)))
You have got to be kidding me?!
thats good. And your very welcome(:
Thanks for the RT :)
Random tweet *Shrug*
Thanks! I am senging over info now!
got this party turnt up to the max!!!
love their stuff!
damn bro smh ya shit straight?
Elmo is a true red bastard.
Just felt the earth move in Dallas. Spooky. Apparently there was a 5.6 earthquake in OK City but it was felt in Dallas!
If your girlfriend complains that you never take her anywhere expensive.. Take her to the Gas Station.
might know someone.
I cringe every time I send Inside UW, fearing a similar disaster to 30k picky people.
thanks for the plug, Roberto! Hope all is well down there
Cute I hope Big didn't get eaten.
Brothers to the end is so good!
"God rescued us from dead-end alleys and dark dungeons. He's set us up in the kingdom of the Son He loves so much”
How was the show? ;D
Happy Birthday Leap Year babies!
whats up w car
Just spent the afternoon eating a scrumptious early Thanksgivings Dinner with the rest of the OAA Fam. Top notch, indeed.
you should have a DM day like on saturdays where you DM fans!..
Sniffles, sneezes, and aches oh my!
i DM'd you back!
Hi, is it possible to receive some check presenters for my business? My email is, let me know txs.
It's skipping more and more often, and the chain looks loose. Not bad, but could use a tweak before it gets bad.
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASEPLEASE follow me!:D
boy, i hope i'm drunk soon.
she is awesome!! and actually extremely fearless of rollercoasters. just sayin.
Irony is, same thing was going to happen to LBJ in America for same reasons. Party insurrection bc he was crass and bullyish
Who men think they can control any female its like what are you a whitch cause you don't have much charrm
then he can star in Saved by the Bell the retirement years
Well that guy is 'big time'...his tshirts will be the best ever!
Pressing forward with RockIt this week - should be on the floor at MCM next week!
In light of Cinco de mayo I'm gonna go to Top Golf with my favorite couple Chris and Kyle.
Lots to do today and only one meeting = high possibility of increased productivity
Sonny's for Breakfast! YaY!
Rehearsal is not only to improve your performance. It's also to condition reflex.
i got make up remover in my eye and it still burns
so i just realized that half of my bras are a complete letter size too small.
Open position with insurance company. 4-40 or 2-20 license preferred not required. Message me for contact info. Spread the word. They want …
take no prisoners!
People tend 2 brainstorm better,communicate more honestly & get through process more efficiently with an outside facilitator,
#iDigBio cyberinfrastructure workshop participant list anywhere?
I agree - Set ridiculous fitness goals! - "If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it." -- Albert Einstein
At red lobster grubbing been a great day
I txted him 2 hours ago and he decides to txt me back now!? This boy...
My favorite part of twitter is reading and 's arguements
Busy. I have alot of things going on. Good thing I'm a multi tasker! :)
up early today need to do some recording
Hey John, call me when you have a minute ~ Tony 214.295.5237
Twerp twerp twerp twerp twerp, that ass.
Well if it makes you feel any better know that praying for you so that you'll be happy once things change
HOSA Banquet was fun last night (: I only wish it didn't have to end early :/
ok, do celebrities really twitter? I think not
Thanks for including us in your GIS companies Daily!
I dig that Jill. Thanks for that.
what time does Jukebox the Ghost go on??
Ha totally. If you know any "need to see" places in Ecuador let me know I will be there this summer for at least 5 weeks.
Thank you for trying Yes! To Cookies and we're thrilled that your kids liked them so much! Happy snacking!
Division champs!!!! Another undefeated season <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
chillin jus got back from SwAP MEet
thanx for the follow :)
RT Just reported a hazard on State Rte 161 W, Columbus, using Waze - Drive Social
of course! It's the finals! We're breaking all the big guns out. celebs, T-shirts, loud noises…you're not gonna want to miss it!
last day of lectures of my first year of med school!!! 4 exams until summer =)
hey, I dont make the facts up. its the truth!
I hope my oldest son take me to see Mike Epps on Mother 's Day. It will be a good mother day gift.
Happy Anniversary & ! Two of my favorite people on the planet. (my avatar pic was taken at your wedding...so I'm told)
smfh ! !lmaooo u might b right. last time i porbably did see u was at school, and whenn did u leave op? ahha 09?! lmao
#Nw Think like a man
My boyfriend always keeps a smile on my face ^_^
I Really want to sleep in tommorow...
Counting down the hours until I get to pick up my sister at the airport.
Well Gigi is off to Egypt to fight her fight ! Go Team USA! Go Gigi! God Bless you and our team and may he watch over you and keep you...
It you ever find yourself driving behind YellowCab 45, do yourself a favor & drive as far away as possible. Just a horrible horrible driver.
thanks for the #ff !!
Learning abt CMS's Center for Medicare & Medicaid #Innovation at HHS's #Fusion event on idea generation and implementation.
42 followers :p
can we just take your dads work car that pays fir gas and roadtrip downthere please omg
He can't remember what their houses looked like, but he knows every cafe he ever drank coffee in along old Hwy 80.
ughh he had school today so dont get to talk to him for a couple hours:/
way better then mickey a real pic with a princess
I miss seeing you on my TV :(
Tip of the day: An efficient technique used to eat meat is to place it into the inside of your mouth and chew it.
#MyCelebCrushIs <3 keep up the good work(:
Thanks for the FB Chris. Cheers!
Giving the house a Good Spring Cleaning today!! :D
u could wear anything love and make it hot
happy birthday!(:
aint u suppose 2 be sleep
Im actually kinda out of it today,,,.
thanks! I agree, best food truck ever. On my way to Awtk mkt to pick up rest of nut what's order... Yum!
he really be blowin his nose and puttin it back in his pocket. like nothin happin
RT NYU Holds Networked NY: A Conference For People Who Like NYC, Blogs, Wine And Cheese [and also & ]
Fuck the haters. man! YOU RULE.
I never would have thought I would hear a line like, "gay money is replacing Wall Street money."
Being interviewed on Monday in Detroit for the SPIKE TV show "Don't Be a Victim" to air in June
Ok - no solutions out of Europe this weekend - does not augur well for the week ahead. Only the hope trade can hold things up.
I need a hero to save me now
“: The #roofstatus for today's #Brewers game is: closed. Remember you can always call our Roof Hotline at (800) 774-8587.”
Hey, you have been sending spam/ virus twits about nasty things being send...check your account
I can't believe that just happened.. Can't stop crying. I can't wait to just leave my mom.
I wish the Colts would draft RG3. He's crazy athletic
Welcome to the team Joe Brostowicz and Brad Williams!!
Most people know what to do but few people do what they know.
When did the full version of #NotALoveSong come out?
whats good man.. just saying what up since we now on twitter lol together..
If you don't have many friends to begin with, don't be a jerk to the ones you do have...
Needs to make a trip to NYC. It's for Baby Blue's sake.
BLOCK: Speaker requested agenda item at 2day's #CSU Trustee mtg 2 revu campus climate policies 2 keep students safe and limit hateful acts.
How awesome! You are in the zone!!!
the grass is greener on the other side RT for that good ol' follow
race is on Sunday, and I actually WILL be tweeting while running. My bib has a chip that tweets my progress. :-)
Lmao! Yippee, its Friday! Oh crap..I have a retail store...tomorrow is my Friday! :( Nice tie Glenn.
Following is making me hungry to travel to Japan. Until then, I will have to console myself with a friday sushi dinner.
Just registered for the event on Thursday. Can't wait!
DougCo Sheriff's say Chris "Birdman" Anderson been under investigation by internet crimes against children unit since February.
Wife is 8 months pregnant.The baby now has all 5 senses, while everything she sees, smells, hears, tastes, or touches makes her cry or puke
I was under the impression it was Spring...why is it 46 degrees??
just shows that they really,really want to win the computer :-)
you should !:)
I once was educated and it has taken ne years to get over it.
About to go eat this chocolate body icing, peace kids.
An apple a day keeps the dentist away. Or makes the gums bleed.
Thanks to for reminding me that I have class tomorrow. What would I do without my #friends?
Siblings reunite amid laughter, questions - San Antonio Express
can u tweet if u at home on the computer?!?
Don't understand the point of 8 #JetBlue kiosks when only 2 are open and there's a long line...
According to the House rules, all the Blkberrying Repubs need to be reprimanded
Finally get to the hotel, me and my fam get into an elevator with 3 drunk assholes. They decide to press every single button. LMFAO
Know your plan AND EXECUTE. Everything else will take care of itself. Packer's talent much better! Huge game this week!
Like the concept but I'm with you on the time factor
I'm enjoying a day at home; reading and drinking tea.
So be on the look out for more updates either on here or on Facebook. later nerds.
Regardless of how things go down..life moves on..am I right?
How are you earning points in Pottermore? Are you brewing potions? I suck at that!
With 2 blowouts yesterday....its setting up real nice for TEBOW magic in Denver.
I'll forgive you for slacking if you Tweet me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
USC students where are you?
she only wants to eat lunch. Aw man.
Have a date wit my baby my best friend my soon to be husband tonight <3 movies & dinner :*
Atleast you respond! Haha I will remain following you can I get a follow back :)
Goes well with kielbasa! Grab a friend and check out the Polish Hill Art Fest! Pottery, photography, paintings and more...
“: Who was mvp of celeb game?” Kevin Harts crazy ass
But why did I use this girls shimmer nonsense cream, now I just look like a shining ode
Thanks for the follow.
Hello, please don't be offended -- was quoting info from several articles. You're in Germany, can you tell me real story?
bet if you get someone to follow me and say "#NF #SaidSo" I'll definitely design you free business cards
mission accepted?
« needs to tweet more.»
Why is it that I just look hotter in black bra and panties? Banishing all color from my sexy drawer!
Hey hey hey , can i meet chaaaa ?!
Today is the day! Cats vs Hoosiers. REVENGE IS SWEET. Let's go CATS!
Excuse me,you're extremely annoying...
I just want to feel what it feel likes to have an older sibling because I'm the eldest.
The reason i dont ask anymore is because im tired of you lying to me not because i forgot!
We're on for 2pm at the intersection of Western Ave and Wisconsin Ave!
Little lost hipsters...
our ribs win the NFL Tailgate Part award for best BBQ
Nah we bussed.
With a single donation of $2700, the legal/application process to achieve 501c3 status has been funded. More good news to come. Pls RT
Also, if I were in on this, I'd need to be dropped in Trenton. I assume that's on the way
#GymTime legs and shoulders... Who else want some??
great conversation today at #lib2 panel - thx!
Cheering for the team at the state meet does, admittedly, mean seeing a lot of hot men from other teams. In Speedos. Them, not me. # fb
SHOT OUT TO FOLLOW them 4 FOLLOW BACK
The best no Comparrison,
Whenever deer stare at me I feel like I'm in a Mexican stand-off.
RT : We'll meet again in The Night Kitchen! RT:RIP Maurice Sendak "Please don't go.We'll eat you up.We love you so."
Still no electricity p___p Aaaaahhhhh. Why today. No electricity mean no phone. My battery have only 14% ><
I want a churro!
They have to restructure your deal into the cheerleaders budjet so you going to have to be making up a lot
Paris Hilton should make a sex tape with black guys and call it Niggas in Paris
how many times did you have colonoscopy before?
Sunny Day Real Estate
I miss karaoke!
The #Magic doing work
Lee Ann Womack's song Last Call.. it's a few years old but I'm obsessed with this song.
Did Chuck Brown die?
Hey Websurfers! It's 5:00 pm, time to close shop! Hope you enjoyed today's videos. Remember to check in tomorrow for our top three comedy...
found my itouch!! back on twitter(:
For this, you will need to make a business plan that the lender will approve of
There are a lot of birthdays on this beautiful last day of August and we are shouting them out on facebook!
verbal supreme
Damn I'm on 5% this Evo is fina turn off any second now.
I'm trying to think of an album I heard long ago and still listen to: Abraxas? Tommy? I never listened to the Beatles till I was older.
Well, wise girls will be #lonelyforever - Love without reservation & listen without thinking and he'll want to stay
Smartphones should come with a free toilet because, have you combined the two?
hmm...or, get the new Droid w a reliable power source?
I've been having some work done on our house by and it's really going well. I'm so glad I picked them.
Does that website [if] really work?
I've got some dumbbells you can borrow, and keep eatin your Wheaties
thank you for the inspiration. You are a true artist!
Wheen your in her, you know I'm ON your heaad ;)
That was too funny!! I will never forget the look on Michael Cole's face when it was pressed up against the wall of the "Cole Mine"!!
There is no such thing as an original fanbae nowadays. Everything fandoms have done now have been done in the past.
Making Spanish food with twitterless Sara and (:
Whoa! Strong earthquake in San Francisco.
“: I wish I knew what was wrong. #malepains”
I do not understan the Social Reader. I can't imagine a time I'll ever have a news feed sharing what I'm reading.
2011 annual reports are now able to be filed online in #Delaware. Helpful for all dissolution, conversion and merger filings.
Different about what?
got a 60% on my geometry test today...
my birthday is in 363 days!! ..
I got that itis
It sounds like Wilpon had a few bourbons before making critical comments about his own #Mets players.
Its now afternoon and I've had a productive day already..I gave my people the love they needed and I gave myself its care as well.
Wow, I haven't been this lonely in a very long time. Screw finals on the last day, everyone is gone...but me and the foreign students!
Greetings ! Might I suggest ? (Does a robot LBJ that tells jokes count as interactive?)
did you get my text earlier? Picking you up at 7:15!
Home issues just get easier everything is slowly falling apart
Downloaded too many apps and now I can't find the one I want.
M, Butter Cream Frosting & Midsummer Storm...
I'm such a sucker for chick flicks :3
Hard nipples >
and usually all that's needed is a positive outlet.
my mom didnt wake me up!!!! now im late for school!!!
Thank you for your support Al. So glad you and your wife could join us and that you both enjoyed the movie! See you on Monday.
Aint no mistaking playing or faking u got me open and waiting!
december is the aim , art work completed ?
so excited for movie night tomorrow <3
Same here!
Enjoy! And remember, #BASHH runs way late!
Happy Halloween!
listening to (500) days of summer soundtrack thanx to and working on a client E-newsletter...
Congratulations to Jen M in our #kforce #milw finance and accounting department. Six years of service with us!
Thanks Jim. Same here.
Retweet if you like food, music, the computer, Cody Simpson, and the Hunger Games. We can be friends.
Nothing wrong with that. Oh and, happy mother's day Shelly!
The dread of death follows from the dread of life. A person who lives completely is prepared to die at any time.
Wii fencing should be a sport!!! :D
Notes from Chef Reba! Leftover pumpkins post Halloween? Toast those pumpkin seeds for a healthful snack for your child's lunchbox! (or...
OH bc of the doctor! oh yeah, I'm good! <3
6-4 so far on the day, Canucks playing now
Who's EDC?
We are the perfect spot for your Fantasy Football League's Draft party. Call Jen Town to reserve your private draft area 480-368-0369.
You can get away with not doing it for a while, as long as you have reached a certain standard of fitness
Group hugs & free love in the Clippers locker room.
Tupac at Coachella - pretty darn cool!
How many Americans adhere to a Mediterranean Diet? Also, who develops CVD in 6 years? Usually happens decades later in midlife.
YOU'RE
RT Walkin like a man, finger on the trigger, got money in my pocket i'm an uptown nigga.
I'm the bee's knees. Lol
thanks for your support today! Enjoy the shirts!
seriously, if not SW, ?
Just arrived @ FX Genealogical Society Spring Conference... 7 hours w/ Tom Jones. Woot!
Should I be nervous about my Flyers?
Corgi spirit at least!!! What a cool little cow dog!
which song ?
No problem. I like the look. It's very soft (on skin tones) and spreads the light around nicely. Good luck!
ooh la la
Finally found the man I can say with certainty... I'm going to spend the rest of my life with him. Craziness
Strategies when program begins, Fourth –“ Take quick drinks of tepid water.”
Designing a t-shirt for a great local church.
#COUPON: 20% off any #jewelry repair service. Mention this tweet to cashier to redeem! #Paradise Valley Mall
Unbeleivable, thank God she was in good hands.
Twice in 30 days. Pissing me the fuck off.
Just woke up!! had so much fun but my hea is about to explode--
Help needed with design work (logo, signage) and some donated printing services (signs, posters, shirts). Anyone? Do it for the kids.
Be Book Smart this summer with RIF and Macy's! Give $3 to RIF and Get $10 off a purchase of $50 or more. 100% of every $3 coupon goes to RIF
6 mths ago on 12-11-09 I lost the most wonderful man I have ever known..I miss u Daddy!!!
Just did segment on fox business news on nfl kickoff. Why no sponsors naming sponsors at meadowlands????
My pride be the reason for ending so many things in my life
That lovely older woman is Angela Lansbury... my source on that is
Ready to knock these 8 hrs out
and so much less fun when it's not working!
Tonite at with 10 girls - The Only Tuesday Night in Boston - behind the bar, top that Ha!
Glad to hear your son is OK!!! My girl had an ER visit in June for a broken arm. Terrible but makes one grateful for nurses+docs
yay! Glad you like it :)
Affection deprived.
trying to start a fire in the hearts of this generation!!!!! but...websites suck.lol
to my Wall Street Newscast and visit www.stemcellregenmed.com www.wallstreetnewscast.com/profile/stemcellgenenano.html
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
When boys try to talk to me and they dont drive a truck >>>
There's no way to describe the embrace of God's arms around you & the embrace of your child's arms around your neck when you pick her up!
Yeah that would be great! I've never been to The KY Fair so I'm excited!
Since the casino is opening up, I'll be wandering around town looking for Danny Ocean and the boys...
At NISO E-books Renaissance, exploring the possibilities exposed by digital books
thanks for the follow :)
Driving to LAX with Lot of traffic but I'm more worried about suffocating from his horrible farts. >_<
Thirsty niggas uggh fly with that thirst ball shit
I have been itching for something....band-aidy.
Yeah. RT : i use to talk to all day everyday....till he started to hate me :(
Stoked to try Takeover #ClevelandPark tonight. Any recs from people who went last night?
Hair be jacked up nails be chewed off eye brows be non existant and make up be drag queenish! Smh women these days
Hopefully The Other La Team Win Tomorrow
Tonight come kick back tonight w us at filmbar. 2nd st just South of Roosevelt. We gotta cool vibe going on for our wed night "The Hump"...
What did I get for record store day? A chance to take my daughters to riding lessons & a school spring fling...
The smell of grill. Everywhere. Awesome.
Help us get the word out about our new anti bullying musical! wwe.thelovenote.com! Help us raise awareness! :)
YEAH RT Going to watch harry potter again.Xx with :)
Never cheat on a woman that holds you down when no one else does.
It's been so long since I've heard live music. Shame on me!
You know there's websites for that. But who can really say they're accurate. It said I had a fear of presidents... ?_?
Ken is in the DollHouse bored as ever.! AIM me.! iKenDoll 8-)
Are you serious?
At the end of the 1st half, the leads the Blast 7-2. Stay tuned for the 2nd half action, and let's go Blast!
Jealousy - that's what makes them talk.
we tryna get it jumpin hit my phone
sour punch straws & Starbucks <U+270C>
Mel had 30, it's the rest of this lazy team... Don't trip, whoever come out the West got hands for y'all
Join me in the 30 for 30 Challenge.Take Skinny Fiber 30 minutes before your largest meals and participate in aerobic exercise for 30...
Been doing that all along, as have my kids (living with son getting masters in divinity), many churches, and many friends/fam
I like a store where you can pay your light bill, buy a 40, "cash a check," & buy single cigs. ...It's all about convenience.
And the indignity of having 7 year olds run faster than you. I do believe I will train more before attempting it again. :)
Salutations to everyone is following me! And I most highly appreciate it!
Readythe cards are thrown on the table I love you selena already decided I want to follow me in this life so complicated but inmy teens much
You guys sound like our kind of crew! Glad to be following you!
New York PRSA Announces Finalists for 2012 Big Apple Awards
I'm not dumb...
big day, you. Sending you great vibes and pride!
I used to hate the world, now I just hate everyone it
Wow, guess every1 is a promoter. Maybe if I had that Mitt Romney money, then I'd try and fail til I found the best one, lol...j/k
"yayyy! lets do 50's for time!"
assuming you're not selling action for smaller things you're playing like VDS's, etc?
gonna be hard to watch both at the same time.
Another day another dollar <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Agree. Almost wondered if it was a moot point...
IT'S THE SAME SHIT
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!!! Have a great day!!! :) ;) xoxoxo
Looking forward to seeing here at
TRUTH Hurts---but DECEPTION Kills.
are you judging me Paris? lol
New Superintendent of Catholic Schools for the Arch. of Miami = new opportunities for improved food allergy policies in these schools!
I'm so sorry.I'm honestly not trying to,I've already changed my password and everything idk what to do
that's real life, how messed up is that? plus my sports bra was grey..not something to be excited about
Andres Serrano will be the KCAI commencement speaker this year.
I cried when my mom let my SISTER go to LONDON and not ME
"Missing you is my hobby, caring for you is my job, making you happy is my duty, and loving you is my life <U+2665>"
Hm...I think its CLEAR the #RHOA do NOT like each other
Love this! Cinderfells!
A reason why i deactivated my fb is to get away from all these people and now all those people are getting twitter accounts /:
HEY , TELL UR FOLLOWERS TO FOLLOW ME AND ......
My knee hurts
see?! and now you're tired, right?
i miss the days when i was able to talk shit on twitter bc nobody on facebook caught
I am all mixed up. Reading Illiniboard and they had a fake Andy Katz tweet...Mixed up Katz and Seth Davis
My office is health-conscious but can't say no to sweets. Thus, we end up w/ donut scraps that have been cut in half about 8 times.
where u at son?
man up niggy!!
Oh Crud!!! I MISSED MY 5,000 TWEET! D: anways i dedicate it too my BEST ICONic FRIEND Cuz shes always there for me :)
Only if you meet us there :)
Jacob: "M. E. O. W." (spelling word) = his response to me telling him to stop meowing like Gary from Sponge Bob
Grocery shopping at the commissary is always an experience.
That's a good idea! Hashtag
My elective for junior high school is Life skills -_-
"the penis enlargement people have taken over our tools"
Rest In Peace Hannah. I miss you so much. I'm so empty.
Hey hey! How are you? I was thinking yesterday that I haven't talked to you in forever.
u never called me back :'(
I look good... #Anchorman is on.
Why is there NEVER a lint roller when I need one?!
I get so lonely cause I don't have a boyfriend!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> any volunteers???
Everyone should listen 2 this song "Lighting" it's by its the sh**
bad at bein' subtle. But I aint that tough.
you're well on your way to being able to change tires with telekinesis...i'll give you about two more years
Thanks for the suggestion! We'll check into him. Anything else, feel free to email.
the pleasure is all mine, nothing like a Jesuit education!!
Interested in a career in Theological Librarianship? Visit AAR SBL expo booth 251 Sat-Tues to speak to ATLA reps.
Me too! It means I'm doing SOMETHING right :)
That awkward moment when you find out your school has ticks...
But only after they've got your seminars under their belts!
enjoy!! =0 and hey I love the way you sing "Dance With My Father" That's one of my favorite song =)
indiana's dryvit contractors, indiana's dryvit contractor, dryvit contractors indiana, dryvit contractors, contractors indiana, contractors
You’ve failed me for the last time, XAMPP.
Yes RT : when you're having the best dream ever and wake up, does anyone else ever try to fall back asleep to finish the dream?
Kids, my movie won The Oscar. Its been a good week.
we r going to have fun tomorrow promise
Hm, I'll watch a movie now. and then do homework. don't have that much.
We're the best, and I know it.
Blogging is relaxing.
the digital divide is about the skills gap that could extend the wealth gap in
Missing Tucson a bit
Blessings to the women of our world who Mother us. Past present perfect imperfect, birth Mothers, those who accepted the role, Happy Day!
ah congatulations!! We live in Los Angeles. Where are you from?
"hurricane" moving our way
"Twitter is stressing out a bit right now, so this feature is temporarily disabled."
Back from the Big Sugar concert - those guys still know how to put on a good show!
I wasn't born a player, its b/c of u woman y I am a player. So how can u despise what u have created. U woman made me this way so enjoy it.
~arrives red-faced & panting~ Whew! Good workout. So, does that make up for 10 days of slacking? How about the ice cream? Cookies? #iwish!
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a Computer.
ahaha I feel special! :p
aw haha<3, I run out of interesting things to say all the timexD but thanks I do try hard to tweet things that ppl agree with:)
yes man he wont let me go home! Lol
I'm curious if it has any information on it. It's sort of like getting a top secret mission by accident! Like Chuck.
undisclosed location. check your email.
Finally watched 'Who Killed the Electric Car?' Is there any wonder how a company with such little vision & foresight crumbled?
If they can run the ball into the end zone . . .
Question: Do you prefer: CD/DVD or Digital Download? Can't decide? Check out www.cfnmusic.com for CFN Music CD/DVD, Dropcards, and Mp3s!!!
Talkdemonic's Ruins LP is awesome. Distorted violins and feedback is beautiful. It's like they took the best of Godspeed & El Eleven Ten.
"L U V Madonna!" - guy in Europe
Sun is Shining..... weather is sweet here, making you wanna move your dancing feet..... >> BOB
is twittering
bro we are doing it all!!!! I really want to have a paint fight though!
#TuesdayThrowdown kiddies! What's the Best Drink Name? Send your suggestions our way for your chance to win!
What would I do without you!
Hi everyone follow me I follow back
Haha he deserved it! What did you ever do to him to get such hate???
Congrats to former Chicago 2016 president Lori Healey who will lead #NATO-G8 efforts -
so I just slept all night long and I am still tired...I may need a nap...should be a nice lazy monday gym & cleaning thats all I need to do!
How to use your flex spend acct for #Acupuncture ://us1.campaign-archive2.com/?u=67da29aab79474b4c34ea3a3b&id=f94e872051&e=3431abdfbf
<333 thanks that means a lot!
I think its because everyone has the same provider
You know who iam,you dont know my life story
Have a happy 4th of July weekend Be sure to take a minute to search me R. Shamar "The Minister of Motivation" on iTunes Rhapsody or Napster
Ahahahahaha The videos that we watch xX
#mostinappropriatethingssaid2me eat my ass
thank you! the May issue looks great! sad that I won't be working there any more.
call on him!!!!
I need that FOX on your head!
i'm visiting with my sexy girlfriend 2nite and we're getting up to no good! wanna hear all about our naughty exploits? cum chat 4 free!
"Through all the hard times in my life those nights kept me alive."
My close friends? My Cellphone, Laptop, Camera, and the TV. F*ck humans.
who you talking to ?
Ditto. I propose that we have half days on Monday. Getting up when it's still dark out on a Monday morning should be illegal.
It's about time to start crank calling all of my friends who 'All-Nightered' at #disney24 ..would hate then to miss this glorious morning.
I don't watch tv, and if I do it's just to watch spongebob.
Both northbound and southbound Martin Luther King Blvd is open now.
Thank you for letting the world know about The Chocolate Library! www.nytimes.com/2010/12/15/dining/15chocolate.html
Heyy God bless you sister
Buy your tickets for now! Looking forward to the learn-a-did!
naw my guy got it
RT Character is just as important as talent in the locker room....ya heard?
LOL! Leap Day kicked my butt. Let's just say that I made the most of the extra 24 hours. RT : rough night??
#20ThingsAboutMe 1.I dont hold grudges im not that type of person
what's everyone got going on today?
Man, my gf is snoring ,so I tapped her on the forehead and told her to wake up and go to sleep.
I love progress, but I really don't want everyone to know what I'm doing all of the time.
hahaha DOPE! Im chilin mane kendra and I were going to grab drinks and celabrate so lets do sumfin G!
Rams their competition in the NFC West keeps em in the hunt.
do you work?
Ion entertain these dudes on this here web. I got a dude already
Bet you've never battled a jumping spider while you were driving. I almost ended the fight for both of us...
I used to think "No More Moves" meant you beat Bejeweled. Oh, what a fucking fool I once was.
i love you <3
yay I'm excited
Next Level Marketing: People buy memories and moments; they do not buy stuff, or things or products. Lisa Ann - American Wedding Project
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Brewers all the way.
I don't know. Is ownership what matters? Or flexibility? I (and most people) rented in NYC. Will read article...
Made a friend at the gym :)
"It's hard to have a heart, and try not to care".
I can't wait to go to the tattoo shop Sunday.
not to mention nourishment
I never break a stare no no I will not allow the next person to think I'm weak
Talk to me i'm torn, i could get lost in a voice like yours. <3 (man, is correct about that;)
All these small ass little walking around by themselves , :o smh
Excited to announce that the Ph.D in Arts & Technology at UT Dallas has now been approved! (via )
you've been playing for like 6 hours lol
Welcome to Twitter! Happy tweeting! Cleveland loves you!
we have a free CD for you! Email our manager and she will send you one!
Playful, piquant Plum Bar - San Francisco Examiner
That's about the same for me. The new studio is being built, and we're relocating this weekend.
#youcantbenothugif U wear sandals on ur feet! I dnt care what Jay-Z does
I did!
IMO, this is a very good idea!
MyBiz changed the look...www.mybizxchange.com check it out!
Do kids still eat kool-aid these days?? I haven't seen it in a minute.
Pretty sure it's Donald Pleasence's hologram. I heard every mid-tier celebrity that died in 1995 automatically gets one.
Happy Holidays everybody! Hope it's a comfy, cozy time with loved ones. Refresh and renew. See you next week!
I believe in the band called the Monkees.
you would think I'd know better by now
people saying get back w. her but it aintt easy lol
#YouAreARepublicanWhen you have the gall to claim that America is a "Christian Nation" and to claim that you're oppressed at the same time.
Just wrapped my directorial debut. Love my amazing actors Apolla and Nick!
What is your favorite piece of a musical score from a movie?
Twitter will never be the same again.
Lets hope Larc starts to blossom. Sure would be good to have a Larc student onboard to help an Arch firm
Thanks man!
The city of Tucson continues to violate Arizona State Statute 32-1101.01. Total disreguard for the law. Discusting!
My Growing is killn me cant even sleep ughh
If I offered you a book would you take it and read it or look at me crazy.??
810 1st Street NE 3rd Floor. It's online. Pls put it in your cell phne.
If the #SKYFALL teaser poster doesn't have Bond missing a leg then I won't have it!!
I'm into the inverted scrolling, but now I'm totally screwed on my PC! I bet there's a way to invert it on Windows 7 too.
Expert server management at Lithium Networks.
Hello to all my new VIPs! Thanks for following! Like us on facebook...www.facebook.com/VipSanAntonio
OH DELANIE! OH I LOVE YOU HOAR!
I think it was If it was, I hate you
Thank you sir for the FF :)
Be the person the lord intended you to be!
May is Health & Fitness month! Check out our Highlights Page for fun ways to stay fit and active with your students!
I just filled out my absentee ballot for to be Wisconsin's next Governor and to be the next Lt. Governor!!!
It's rained for 2 days straight.. what is going on?
Ask your MD about hiccups as sign of heart problems.
Trying to link my tweets to my facebook, I think I broke it.
It's So Nice Outside :)
RT : We did, they didn't :( "…We're SO close to 80K followers that if U tell UR followers to follow US we'll follow U back?"
Fringe Fest coming to Rochester
Come to hillcrest to see 8pm.
#ElvisInAltanta, any elvis sightings in atlanta, lets trend this topic
me too...and trying to get ready and brush one's hair is really a chore.
One has to understand the entertainment required in the event.
every red light<<<<<<
Wishing all of you a great weekend. www.globalpointpr.com
“: Just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> ”
- comedienne/CD/all around rockstar! Loved her at this eve: 'whacktors + slacktors' <3 the lingo...
Got that earlier this month. Good article! #chitownlove #bulls RT : Just got that GQ with DRose on the cover. Boom!
When are you moving back to SA?
Let's go !
nothing really and I like how you say that like something is always wrong.
good morning! having a latte to start the day
I saw a good wtf one at my hotel. It said &quot;Cocktails&quot; and had a QR code below. Do I scan it and get a drink?
. However, I know WAY more about homelessness than I ever wanted. Enough to know it's not funny.
Hey Carlos where you will spend Christmas? aa and another thing... MERRY CHRITSMAS!
GIRL I KNOW!! It's gotten pretty rough.
Feeling a little like a plastic bag drifting through the wind...I need to let my colors burst.
You know you love your job when you go in early just because you're excited to get things done.
You say that as if there's any other kind. Even my gay friends love boobs.
When I am Queen, talking about an election more than four months before the election will get you publicly flogged. Sound good?
I'm sure you'll look phenomenal. Plz send a full body pic
sure, come on by and grab a seat by the window on the 2nd floor
Experts Agree! Our rhetoric is better than our policies! Congrats to the propagandists among us!
How does one apply?
#NowPlaying C.R.E.A.M -
lol his booty shake
No words can explain how.excited I am To find out who A is.
I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul-Toby Mac
Camel caretaker...
I'll go out to buy red bean and sticky rice for red bean gruel
Boom! Yeah!
I never break our or get pimples thank god.
Yes, I do believe we should. I'll e-mail.
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
Please get Love outta there!!!
Anyone going to Columbus Ale Fest this weekend?
LOL!!! I'll Ask Next Time!!
Hahaha he's so cute. GL>hakim
Japanese green tea ice cream= new favorite thing
So you say you don't like period dramas like #DowntonAbbey? #Geek out and pretend you are looking into a time portal. Feel better now?
enjoy Florida!!!! I love Florida. We have a office in Lakeland and I love going there.
Defenders #4 took me completely by surprise. It almost seems like an indie book how Fraction explores Doctor Strange.
updating my various "official" web pages: SJSU Experts, SJSU Publications, SJSU Dig Repository. Yeesh, we need a single locale
port au prince Pink Motorbike - Kiss ! :P
So glad i have no drama
My kind of place. I am always cold. What was it like 40 to 35 degrees.
Being called weird is like being called Limited Edition. Meaning you're something people don't see that often. Remember that.
I do what I want, when I want, where I want. If my dad says it's okay. Hehe(; I'm such a rebel
"your wedding was awful...like a shark attack......at a sunday school."
Get in the van! It's not worth the story to see you choking on smoke!
Isn't this awesome?! hahaha..I thought of us right away
Getting ready for ! Ready for a great 24th year!
Ok but I don't get up there till Wed. Will you be up there that day or Thursday. They'll know you by Phillygodfather?
just a little, this series will get very, very interesting
someone come and watch Adventure Time with meh
has decided to take 4 summer classes so I could graduate early!! I love to learn! :D
yeah...the ones you disapproved...
Customers' reviews about products influence a new customers buying habits more than salespeople .... thanks
Had Thanksgiving today! :-) blessed <3
... the ones who see things differently ... You can quote them, disagree with them, glorify or vilify them ...
Kimberly's daughter didn't know how to make tomato soup. Can your kid do it?
i voted today, yay!
When did she say that? Sounds like an interesting speech
My mom just said, and I quote... "I wonder how people get their feet through then skinny pants" go ahead and comment
off to wrk
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
Thanks Dave! Appreciate it (and the socks love). Let me know if there is anything I can help with...
:o who?? It was probably me
Time is going by so slow!!!
People with miserable lives love bringing others down. I feel bad that this person's spouse doesn't meet xpectations but it's a 2-way street
Even tho it kinda creeps me out.
Monk's is just getting over the weekend hangover. Join us tonight for beers in the window.
GOODDAY AT WORK AND A BEAUTIFULDAY IN TACOMA GOING OUT FOR DRINKS WITH MY FRIENDS ,,,,,,,,,,SWEET
I've developed a great storyline about a terrorist attack but I'm afraid to do anything with it. It'll work.
I do like the way my wiwt pics look on there. much more convenient than tumblr.
I know this makes me a bad person, but I spent Record Store Day listening to
where you at? ;)
Thanks for the follow, Nadine. Nice to see you again.
Thank you! Yes I did. I had a good time!!
Oh my god SO CLOSE!!
Because is so cute and his eyes & smile is so beautiful the girl who calls you (her's) is very lucky!<3
Hi! I never got to say goodbye after wedding last year. Hope you're all well.
Don't follow be a leader! I always have that in my mind when a person has something cool that I want! I get it but have more cooler
burned 145 calories doing 18 minutes of "Bicycling, 12-14 mph, moderate (cycling, biking, bike riding)"
Realizing if I were a character on #larkrise ... it would be Dorcas... sans corset, post office, or lady parts... #whoRUonPBS ?
shhh. baby don't speak.
I can't fully complain, I have an ipod, but I'm 22
Happy Happy Friday, friends!
Most love songs i think are about cars.
The 5 classes for $25 is good thru midnight tonight!
I don't get in until 8PM Vegas time but I'm in DC so it takes forever to get to West Coast
That boy with glasses? He has feelings. That girl with acne? She has feelings. Feelings are fragile and its not "cool" to bully &; hurt them
We'll be performing some new songs
I will DM his info. After I get his ok. Are you in Sac?
let me go bro lol
Your #car deserves a #spa day! Mention #Twitter to get 30% off any #detail! We're MOBILE & #ecofriendly! #sandiego #sd #auto (619) 928-4848
Newt, Mitt, and Rick have all answered 4 questions now, guess it's time for Paul to get ONE #scdebate #rigged?
My my my it looks like Zambia has just got its independce from MMD farewell to Money retune Banda.
Excited for face/off tonight! Thanks Renee George!
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say “thank you?”
Show looks amazing. Not sure that Cattelan has "run out of ideas" though, as this article suggests . . ?
VAN lesser of two evils.
Check us out on the Web @ www.mrdspainting.com We are your complete home renovation contractor. Licensed and insured. Ca. # 630616
Jazz Legend Sam Rivers, RIP
if you're following me because you dig marketing also follow
see tumbler 140 characters ain't enuf for this greatness."Thunder Road."
The Sky is not the limit, it's just a view! <U+2601><U+2601><U+2601>
Hello i'm on my phone so i am sorry that i have not been on for a long time so talk to me
Dylan Does :D
On 3/27 we celebrate 10 years of weekly showcasing (at the same venue). One of our judges will be "Swizz Beatz" business partner & manager!
Yay I got a second job. He hired me on the spot!
no autographs yesterday...but did have a streak of 8 days with McHale comment once. 4 of those at the final 4!
the jewish hymn adon olam has 5 verses and for (songwriting) balance you need a 6'th. easy enough to fill that in with na na nas....
Check out : infatuationclothing.com
Tree. Homemade chocolate cream pie. Ron Burgundy.
You Home Yet ?
BEST show ever!
Finally back to sunshine in SD!
i swear i thought they were girls ;O
correction. I just replied. lol
- You? Create jobs? LOL!!! Mass was fourth-worst in the nation under your watch. Obama is the one with positive gains.
see if life is not just a little bit happier
Wiederholungs are DONE! Now to do this German Translation article project.
This day has just flown by! Can't believe it's already 3pm. Off to visit my good friends at !
Burgers on a truck? So brilliant it borders on diabolical! /cc
i'm game for anything. suggestions?
You rock Cesar \m/
Today I am reminded of the heartbreak of the day that changed my life forever. Each year it gets easier, but I will never forget.
Wireless keyboards, also know as reasons I want to murder things
Oklahoma is not Verizon country
"Thao! Stop tweeting about me!" -
: Now following
you fail.
I need to stop watching #intervention so late at night... this is truly the stuff nightmares are made of
Chocolate Decadence Trifle or Double chocolate chip cookies... Decisions Decisions.
i got one do u have facebook
lo thank you
Lol I had to say it
Lupe Fiasco's song "All Black Everything" doesn't make any sense. If everything was black, no one would be able to see shit!
glad u loved this - did u see the one on the Google glasses? Good evening to you!!
ok, great! Looking forward to see your insights posted there :)
Trader Joe's is usually good with the ethnic thing… Trader Ming, Trader Giotto but Armenian Joe is just plain lazy
EXACTLY. rays of hope
JK! i got it.. thanks anyways
love that quote, go Herbie!
I'm on a roll this morning! Rise and shine everyone!
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
There so much to do I don't know where to start, so I wont lol
Never give up on what you really want to do.
Born To Run is such a great book
New Jersey (South)- need females to model swimsuits and lingerie. No nudity. Pay is 50 dollars/hr (Casting Code B3)
please notice me I try everyday and hopefully today is the day!
This class will be the death of me I swear
Catching up on yesterday's 's #30clubsin30days and I remember why I love Randy Wolf...
I think I've got a fan! ": Crushing on this comedian she's sexy and funny! Wish I could meet her #1LOVE”
“: Catered lunch from Yum!” thanks!
yes deff :D
Table top, bench model t-shirt printers from caps-screenprinting.com are space savers for home-based printers.
All shows have been moved to the Shadowplay Lounge in the Woodlands, next show-(7/27) Gwen Stacy, Lower D, Mozart Season, A City Serene!!
Man I hate it when she do that shit
twinkie tuesday <3
BIG THANKS to B93.3FM for helping us spread the word about our mission to support the troops! Kids bring your trick or treat candy here!
IF HE WON THE LOTTERY, WHAT WOULD HE DO WITH THE MONEY
I cant get down with this whole womens lib thing. Instead of making me excited it just annoys the shit out of me.
And where are we off to now?! “: Damn this rain & traffic is not cool at all... An hour & half drive to the airport.”
Liz: "there's only one chromosome diff between us and monkeys"...Raker: "the only real diff is that we can talk..and fur"
Now that I know the real reason I can capitalize
Did you ask him to answer your questions in English instead of jargon?
thats what I like to hear. Il be putting in a lot of work this summer. and contacting some music labels in USA and Europe
like...you're a TV company. Make better TV.
I missed the beginning of this plan but I'm guessing I'm going to like it!
Happy Children's Book Week #CBW and Teacher Appreciation Week!
God bless you! <3
Thanks again :)
Great ideas are a dime a dozen. Success is all about the execution of ideas.
As of 9 am most buses are back on schedule As the snow continues remember to dress appropriately for conditions Thank you for your patience
Now that I'm all done with this installation part, I kinda forgot about this 20 page paper that needs to get done as well
i know. ill be up til like two when i could of been done at like 10.
Nights with <3
i need to sleep til i gotta go to work to bring m y attitude level down a bit cuz this chick right here is beyond evil today...
Is anyone watching the Carmello Anthony rape trial?
An invention is something new, innovation is something new that succeeds.
Congrats Patriots now I hope the giants get beat bad I hate the giants
"Success comes from knowing that you did your best to become the best that you are capable of becoming" - John Wooden
please follow me back :)
Who is the one person you would nominate to be interviewed on our show if you could?
We will check out that blog
wikipedia says for pitching
Sooner or later they'll realize what they're missing
Yes I do in fact LOL. I'll probably be more football animated in a couple months even though I already am. Nah, no ideas besides.
Kimi and i are totally spamming your status right now. XD
God sends everyone someone to love, you just have to receive them by letting go of pride, fear & the games you use to protect your heart.
Surfed the last three days in a row. Feeling carved from stone and molded from jell-o at the exact same time.
hit me up 7862036624
$200 million is great deal of money to turn away and not use to take a chunk out of the 500K uninsured children in Florida...
Some people tell me I should write a book but I feel that anything that's worth saying can be said in a sentence.
RT : I'm in my underwear&knee high black socks Once we've occupied twitter, every1 converge on their local piggly wiggly
Just saw someone wearing cargo pants that were jean capris. Yikes.
Back from #roadtrip and now straight into a week of presentations. tomorrow, then three days at AAM.
That's so nice of you to say. Glad you like the blog!
Need some post-holiday relaxation? Book our Exhale Spa package today! 800.225.2008 :)
Thanks, Coach!
Zombie butts are hawt!!!! ;)
thanks for stating the obvious! It took a study for that? You could've just asked ppl who work there or go to Bricktown.
I cannot stand to hear joe liebermann drone on & on in his monotone, makes me want to scream. Where's the Duct Tape??
I do not understand why I cannot find red flats in a 9 without selling my first born child.
hate being alone#Temporary though
I have homework -__-
Working on Sunday, again, some day I'll have a life again.
thats definitely worth it.
Line dancing with old people? #Swag It was straight out hardcore.
First impressions of STL vs. LAK series-- winner advances to the Finals. Good chance that team wins it, too.
The Lord is My Light and My Salvation...
tell me how I trip over my shoe lace...when my shoe is tied?
Hi Rosie Gary Schaeffer here. I am doing a new Outer Space Men Graphic novel; would you like to be in it? enjoy the summer, Gary.
if you didn't get the hint, in your new contact picture, it's really just flipping you off. I'm a good friend.
I have to put cocoa butter on my bite wounds & I can't put it on without thinking of ' impression of Aaron Neville
RT "Take risks. U are a lot better off being scared than being bored. #life #business #success"
Here we go #Brewers!
Simply put Mayhem Nation...
Delicious! RT I know, right?! RT : Dirt and worms? Yum and fun!
(TRUE) ABQ ALERTs unlicensed contractor stole $7500 for construction work n' disappeared. Please take heed. Check credentials, license, etc.
Looking forward to some great auditions.
congrats man! Make sure to plan on going early for the GDG Manager pre-events! See you there!
deciding to put m&ms in my fruit-yogurt parfait was by far my best decision of today
already do, how about you follow me - killahmjay :D
lemme know when homie. love his music
Awww!! Two very good men!
Oh, yeah. Coffee.
with happy ending I hope huge? Holland is freezing! -10 right now
This could be Diana's last straw on the
Exit Twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check Twitter.
Noting much i'm working on modeling got some good gigs and you?
Looks like we're buying you a drink Friday night!
Its starting! (:
If you want to have fun then do something crazi
My school <<<
Looks like the Bulls are toast. Geez, what a horrible turn around for that team. Fun to watch the young Sixers move on though.
Panther dash tonight, much needed time with my friendss :))) then three stooges movie with the fam!
I wonder what former players will be announced tomorrow as part of the Cougar Legends Weekend?
hello there
Vacated the office to avoid being stuck in the #RVA Grand Illumination. Call me Scrooge...
Lol advice for married people: if you Gona buy something expensive like a car or something talk to Ur husband or wife about it first xD
I feel ya call me gurl !
Was held at Toronto security because they thought my bar of soap was a weapon.
": My trust level only come with a few cuz ppl will cross you faster then a cat datz in the stresst"
Headed back to Reno & found out Larry & His Flask is playing The Alley tonight. One of the best live shows I've EVER seen.
Apps make your life easier. will go over his favorites a little later.
Get to start driving in 5 days.
NEXT YEAR, will have a #CorporateChallenge team. We promise. Good luck to y'all!
i highly dislike him...
Yah well it didn't have a seat belt on...so, its probably best.
is so beautiful at the VMA's I would watch the whole thing over again just to see her<3
heard u already got some customers too. Haha emily
(frowny face) unfortunately, no. wish I were. feel free to give Bob/Becky a hard time about not inviting me : ) have a grt conf!
is this the neuro science building at Methodist?
they hold the syrup in my good man, need a nice waffle here and there
Nice work, brother! RT : I get to share my work with the CEO of Memorial Sloan Kettering today.
Celebrated #nationalgrilledcheeseday during my first ever trip to In and Out Burger!
She Just Took It :) .
We Love Our Demi :D
Signed. x
Had a great meeting at the IAHC today. Can't wait to share our exciting news in the near future!
ok :) I'll be waiting
You are the color that I'm bleeding (;
Watch yourself in Vegas, some of them can be men. You don't want to end up like
It's time to live on purpose
At until 5 tonite! :) Then off to for drinks & dinner with a friend!!
poor Canada, no respect. "Canada! America's hat!"
who does that awesome dog belong to? So cute!
thank you :)
Deleted Myspace, Joining Twitter!!!
has emotions n ties n certain feelings. Sex is just sex. They would be considered "quickies "...
Cut the man some slack. He's a man. He doesn't recognize important days
Now that that song got famous, everybody & they mama bad lookin like a bag of money.
When just being a regular guy who innovates goes bad-a run in with the patent attys. better to start a firm or make it public domain
Why does he look so good?! :-/
I’ve learned… that you should always leave loved ones with loving words. It may be the last time you’ll see them
Jesus! Excellent point.
that explains a lot..
come on guys i dont see #HU4L on the TT;s yet!!! lets get there!!!
yeah, its definitely gonna be a celtics vs heat eastern conference finals
guy code was on point.
as long as he's wrecking the red bulls, I say let him come....
I didn't recognize myself in my TL , Lol .. Thanks (: I love yours ! Has my beehbay !
I know but there's next time...
YOLO- can't see em cause the money in the way
i want more followers. follow me bitches.
I miss family-style lunch-- it forced me to take a break and allowed me to stop and really converse with students
Awww, you made my day! Thanks!! Happy Easter to both of you!!
HAHAHAHA ow RT : The average sized #coffee cup holds 8oz – is that enough for you?
Stunned and Saddened about the news of
same to you. I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with us. Have a great night. Go
it was wonderful meeting you today! keep the amin puns coming... haha...
i totally agree and interesting profile picture :)
An old man came up to me in the park while i was feeding zeus and said that he breastfed until he was 7.
animal kindom resort
Instead of Lori being mad at Rick for killing Shane, do you think she is mad at him for letting Carl become numb to death?
I fell asleep watching Rupaul.... okay goodnight.
cause I emailed you! Derrr. I was my only way to talk to you while at school, so until I get my phone, I will use email.
Does cinco de mayo always fall on May 5th?
its a joke relax lmao
Praying Jeremiah don't kill me on the way to this delivery. Bitch drive crazy-ah than I do!!!
wow thanks for all the love on foobooz--we are thrilled to see we have developed such a loyal following in just a few months!
RT : could (Prezi) be the comic sans of presentations?
I still listen to 11:11 by ! anyone else??:)
Nashville is for real!
yeah nothing says ultimate comfort like concrete.
Thanks. I've tried some of those, but it's just not the same. Sigh.
shes like omg guys i love this song ! i was like really -_- i showed it to you before you said you didnt like it she was like idr
oops...ignore my last tweet ;/)
Agreed. Very poorly calculated on his part.
on the voice!
good morning everyone! so excited, I finally got my tax return! they claimed I had an error that wasn't actually an error... grrr
www.DatingChicagoland.com launches in 5 days--Go there now to enter your e-mail address to be notified when the site goes live!
Leaders Never Follow....
thanks for the love! you kick some ass.
I know that uses LESS!
Heading to to open for see you there!!
HUGE WIN!
HARD WORK PAYS OFF SO I'M KEEP GRINDING LIKE ALWAYS
At least every month, I send my ex bf at least $200 if nit more. He can't make it on his own....am such a sucker.
I love my puppiess! ((((:
I felt like it was a swing and miss regardless of crowd
I do not disagree!!
hey man, piss on all the doubters!! Keep your head up and come aboard The Big Blue Nation.. Go Big Blue!!
If you hire a recruitment agency and the first thing they do is post the job, you need a new recruitment agency. Anyone can post a job.
Yep, I was at Ignite - too bad you weren't there, it was one of the better ones IMHO (and would have been nice to see you too!)
expert IT/server/network management at Lithium Networks
Two moments that will never be forgotten. The first time you said you love me and the first time you broke up with me.
Gotta come dwn RT : WE MISS YOU TO!!!! JAY LOL
We will be announcing the winner of our Anniversary Give Away later today!! stay tuned...
You never know the next man's pain. Don't add to it
Don't fall asleep, Maegan. Don't fall asleep.
: Not only is your lead-in a flat out lie, but the link doesn't support it
Everything In Your Life Is A Reflection Of A Choice You Have Made... If You Want A Different Result, Make Different Choices...
Sometimes I wonder if Bo and I are related...
yeah sir! Praying that some other deals on the table work in my favor!!!! Wbu?
NKOTB ...New Kids on the Block!!!
Yeah, YouTube on Apple TV is pretty much useless isn't it?
These debates should be on Comedy Central, not CNN.
thx for the follow handsome! Xoxo! ;)
All music! Esp. classic rock, indie and electro. Check out for some great indie & 4
Painted the set most of the day. Coming together. Got some wild color going. 8 days til shooting.
you have the best announcing crew with you, Sabathias going to shut the tigers out, go yanks!
I want to start biking in the foothills. Problems: my bike weighs a ton & has no gears (it's retro) & Bodie hates bikes. Conundrum.
Mccoy just scored aswell, comeback on maybe
/// Wow.....Heat fans are REALLY mad tho.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck am I gonna need to know this?
You got me thinking something happened to you .
I have been telling people that #agender (no gender) is not the same as #genderqueer (mixing of gender)
El placer ha sido mio Francisco
I hope you do. Thoughts go out for your friend and her family. We have nothing if we don't have hope! Bless
I thoroughly enjoyed Sleeper Agent's live session on The Alternate Side.
The Rangers have such a good line up.
$GWSC stands for Green Wind Solar its on the OTCBB
Thanks for chiming in, Megan. We strive to make sure everything from sizing to materials used is near-perfect for our customers.
GSC party does start at 8. Stand corrected.
We use Type to Learn at elementary, I see that keyboarding is important, but I'm not close to standard home row typing, I do ok.
I was right next to this girl her last name is Spradlin. That is as close as it gets
Love Youu Too Buddy.!
Don't look for a wiffy...... When u have her then treat her as if she dont even matter..... Ur problem and another man will solve it.......
my tailgate is your tailgate--come early, come often--we're there every home game. Probably going to a couple of road games, too.
no, thank u!
#AtlanticWoW "That which we value, we seek"
You're welcome!
Crappy crappy day.
#nf everyone that followed me while I was gone <---
Rejoicing in hope...devoted to prayer. - Romans 12:12
oh yea i hope they dont!
Hungry & need coffee :/
Need a Stocking Stuffer? How about some Smokin Good BBQ? What says happy like a belly full of amazing food?
Brining in 6 or 8 data temps to help with the data entry stuff. The internal SQL guys are writing the rules for normalization.
happy saint pattys day. I just started following you on twitter.
Those are some ill tshirts.
I miss you too! I was gonna come back to work but plans changed :( <3 u!
what the fuck lol that's weird.
Avengers was a great movie that made me tipsyly note that teraflop is a funny word. Yay drafthouse!
love that you guys are following me. Make the morning drive full of laughs
F off snow, you will not take my car this time!
Last night was amazing!!! Tavoria showed up and showed out!!! I hope y'all are ready.
You know who I missed talking to this weekend? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I can't wait to go to the Bahamas :-)
would you be able to find out the name of Nika's band? This dude wants to know...this is Karen btw <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
I am really good! How about yourself? Still doing P90X2? Phase 3 here :)
The HIlls.. cough cough. i have to clear my throat to say this loud enough. FUCK THE HILLS! who cares? if you do you need to work. period!
Sitting at West Baden Springs about to start the 2012 Sales Retreat!
Borzi: we got letters from congress accusing of not sharing info w industry. Making it very clear they r open to receiving info.
I used to think that when a woman was gay just had just never been fucked right.
Don't go wrong : some people come in your life as BLESSINGS, others come in your life as LESSONS & other as PROBLEMS [B. Papper]
of course mobile Ivy Bridge doesn't arrive until June so it's only the desktop space where this matters ATM.
I want to listen to my heart, but my brain just doesn't let me.
Happy Thursday! Just starting with a big hello. I will attach a picture later.
I'd wager a week's wages that you have the coolest haircut ever to grace the offices of the Hartford Courant.
Louis is my new boyfriend...jk (;
For reals. RT : I really hope there are at least a few more Torchwood series spread out over the next 4 or 5 years.
Happy #Superbowl Sunday. Since the #bears aren’t playing….who are you cheering for?
Proclaim that the greatest record in all of sports is the 56 game hitting streak by Ted Williams.
Cool fact: Leap day doesn't happen every 4 years. On a span of 400 years, there are only 97 leap days, not 100.
Bangin one out with
Nice win Crew!!!!!
Finishing presentation on social media measurement today for #UNT grad students. Thanks for asking me to share and explore with you!
I've started seeing Austin in some of the teen magazines.. there was even a poster in one of them. It's weird.
super healthy and tasty! Delicious :-)
Got a job, got another job, got another job, quit one job, have two jobs.
amen sista. what happened?
I may or may not have encouraged it. ;)
Yes I do. 2 so far and another one on the way. Cordyceps:treating diabetes cancer and other illnesses and healthy without chemical
Just saw a lightrail train drill the front end of an MTA truck parked on the tracks. That was a lil scary, everyone seems alright though
Super early to trivia semi-finals. Sorry #coffee but we think we picked a good seat!
Bang bang bang! I'm breaking in, stealing all my love back giving it to her.
big time! Send some sunshine please :-)
I now have to keep company. Thank heaven.
Everyone is gifted, but some people never open their package.
heh, you win.
Hi Nate, you'll need to make sure this is approved by before you can book. Thanks so much!
LIFE WOULD B LIFE IF DER WASN'T OBSTACLES
Winner, Winner Tulip dinner from another attendee RT : Wow I won a free dinner at Tulip and a great Photoshop World book at !
We are so happy you enjoyed your stay with us, Marissa! What was your favorite part of the trip?
Y u gotta b a HATER
Night = ruined. I wish I could be numb of emotions right now.
EO: "I didn't know just ANYONE could Skype me. I just saw a penis vid!" JM: "Funny. I would think tit vid would have a higher CCR"
Super lame for going to sleep so early @ #SXSW but exhausted due to 3:30am wakeup this morning...
Just got my mail. Fed tax refund,#Brewers tickets and Electric Bill..... 2 out of 3 ain't bad
you know he comes up big when its time to finish
That moment when you realize the best way to get your GFs attention is to tweet her and she's in the next room. I'm roof bound-join
Thoughts on where Lakers stand post-trades? Surprised by Fisher or right move to avoid drama rest of season?
"if I'm not flirting with the edge of getting fired I'm not doing my job."
Wish I knew what you are thinking.
it's not a Country music but this Beach Boys cover medley is another chance to use the bathroom...and refill the wine glass.
You guys are awesome! I am showered and feeling much more human! Thanks!
Engineers could once eat lunch inside the computer (air conditioning) -- an amazing journey from that point!
Or how about "The Rx" with the call letters on prescription bottles. Great items for bar nights.
ahahaha oh wow, thanks x)
Nice day outside today! Vegas BOM in 1hr. Jus bcuz I'm havin a good day, $100 Refund for new reps that join my organization Qualified today
hoping they throw the book at him & everything else!!!
Just came back from potomac mills did the damn thing for my lil ones# priceless........
Curious to know what is doing about Distance Library support.
^KOAA 5 A new study shows people may lie more when text messaging. That study was done out of Wichita Kansas. What do you think? Have you...
WTH #Gophers RT : Guys on ESPN radio 104.5 say chances of LSU hiring Tubby Smith VERY high. Hanagriff says 80%.
Are you happy now?
I think I saw something like that at Otakon a couple of years ago.
for Incident: 120128-000732 the site was nike.com and the version of IE is 9.0.8112.16421. Your system rejected my e-mail reply.
U scared me, Thank God, my name is not Scott
The awkward moment when wikipedia has copied your homework.
Excited to finally try the with my lady love tonight. Cocktails are the best way to relax after house hunting.
“: Every day the world consumes 300 tons of caffeine.” I consume 299 of it. No worries world.
I.S.D. Locksmith Pacific Beach offer up to 50% on local Locksmith services: $15 re-key ur Locks, $45 Lockouts services
Holiday trivia answer: Port wine, raisins, almonds, cloves, cinnamon, dried fruit, dry red wine, and aquavit.
Collaborative Competition defines company's market shares & drives innovation
wohoo! You rock!
My new family is amazing. They let me park in their driveway by the train station to save $$$$ I am truly blessed. Bring on the heat!
youtube.com/watch?v=fQtFld…jordan antonio
#Rangers are the only complete team left in the NHL.
Who's ready for our headlining show this Friday!?
no, jjp the svp and amazing producer..
But you're so hypnotizing, You got me laughing while i sing, You got me smiling in my sleep</3. I need you back, I miss you);
The Airport and Hospital body scanners should be combined. Good news no bomb in your pocket and that mole is nothing to worry about.
Well, as long as you don't make eye contact, we'll be fine. #jokes You do follow me though; this makes you cooler than others!
It is scheduled to go up early in the week of the 21st.
Awesome! Looks GREAT - so different from yesterday. :)
Blueberry muffin, eh? I'm a blueberry fan myself.
Overnight storms cause some vibrating homes in Northeast Austin, Ron Paul rallied at the Capitol, and could we see more rain? At 5.
This weird alien movie is on TV.
Sounds like Trent Richardson isn't coming in with a "New York type essence" and is coming in with a Cleveland type essence..
Today is tutor day at Positive Tomorrows, one of our student's favorite days of the week!
Wife did bodybuilding show. Afterwards pig out. I joined the pig out, undeserved (not buff). Too many midnight milanos...stomach punishment
things are going well!
Haha, very true. You probably should have developed a new strategy before revealing your tried and true one.
what about myself and ?
OK. I'm awake.
No Problem:) Okeej..
Tehe draw something is fun(:
Do not let Trayvon Martin's death be in vain. Fight or march for justice.
The votes are in: I prefer Campbell's Select Harvest N.E. Clam Chowder to their Chunky N.E. Clam Chowder. It was close.
i catch myself saying things like"eeeew" "ugh" and grunting a whole lot more since the beginning or 2012.
I'm going to go to the gym and then to eat a Doritos Loco Taco, because I like to keep my body guessing whether or not I hate it.
John McCain has 3 different types of govt insurance - V.A., U.S. Govt. and Medicare...but he doesn't want you or me to have even one form.
No dude, no plans yet. What are you gona do?
no!!! We love you! Congratulations and thank you for the wonderful report on , you brought many people to us.
I got a lot of stuff coming up. Social networks will be a distraction, but I will keep instagram until I get back.
Temporary assistance for needy families (TANF) benefits may be affected. Please check with your state.
daddy you'd be proud of me, following your footsteps down the wrong path. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Am I the last person to join twitter?
Well, duh! Tweet me before your next visit!
"A physical specimen" Training Camp starts the last week of July
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
i didnt -.- so if im grouchy sowy i juz didnt get enough sleep
Just because i said i was bored, doesn't mean i'm bored enough to clean.
Going to the Dome today 4 the Falcon's game...can't wait...should be a good one. Rise Up, Dirty Birds!
no doubt. And our AC was acting up too.
So I've totally been out of the twitter-loop here, guys;; I heard some drama went down between Nathan/Madisen/Jennette fans or w/e? LOL
Congrats #GoNU baseball seniors: Sam Berg, Greg Ferguson, Jimmy Filter, Andrew Leenhouts, Matt Miller, Tucker Roeder, and SID !
Malea Powell talking about stories being sometimes painful to tell--but also real, and they matter. DALN sees this in our submissions
smooth as nigga <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
they kids annoying tf outta me.
thought i could sneak that one in...
...the other just seems to take watever he wants. one is kind and respectful, the other is rude and disrespectful, both wen to my old...
Of course, that's not to say my kids aren't worth it. Holding my 18 month old now. They are definitely worth it. :-)
RT : Folks in AZ -hit one of six Chili's in Mesa/Gilbert any Thurs. in June & mention "Play Ball'' and we'll get 10% of the bill!
Me and eddy road have a bad relationship cuz of that intersection thing. I always end up on superior.. Except for this time
no, but I've CD's who call me in-Thing is, I can't always get back w. little notice which I feel like bugs them, u know?
Hey , you can download our tracks on our Facebook or Reverbnation for frizzle free frizzle! Thanks!
shut up
follow me :)
uploading photos
You better treat your girl right or another man will.
Turninnnnnn up son
I like that track alot.
Thank you!
Turn your ego down a little.
Been sleep all day , now I can't sleep at all :P
Intel to build $5 billion chip factory, hire 4,000 workers in Arizona
I'm doing well. Keeping busy. Where are you these days?
you already know fam!!! Keep doin big thangs out there in NC!!
Agree, it's not the end point. We shouldn't do it, just to do it. Should have some edu value, right?
god i am really weird. OH WELL.
Free my nigger
Garrison! Is there somewhere I can buy "I'll Be Waiting"? I NEED it in my ipod! It's FANTASTIC! :)
Hey , I'm making your grilled Thai steak salad for dinner tonight.
kaii.. Anything exciting happened at school..?
RT : At the center of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. ~ Lao Tzu <U+2661>
Thanks for following!
Oh good! No worries then.
: I will never be able to say those words.
3 sneezes in a row! Means someone is thinking of me :) I'm stuffy, drippy, and dry eyed.
WTF iPhone? It's "moustache" not "moist ache".
of building their own virtual popularity!
**HOT** "NOTICE" -ruff mix.mp3 by BIG RHINO BROWN. "We Blast Ent." we make muzik for mutha phukas like you!
Check us out at www.everetthomesnw.com
So, is Wal-Mart still hiring? Guess my soul isn't crushed enough here.
Everybody loves playing the blame game
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana till banana collapse
Just turned the heat on for the Sunday school class next to us
Don't miss this #Midwest! : Hey #TurboKick lovers in #Chicago, instructor/pro training on 3/4. 6 days left 4early bird rate!
I love my job at the golf course.. But I'll love it even more when the weather gets warmer..
The last 2 months in sports betting. Im hitting over 65%. Im doing phenomenal!!!
Great ride..thanx for such a BIG tip..sry for credit card machine!
Bin listening to music all morning....*starts singing n dancing*
The Orioles spanking the Yankees again....Nice!
We is hillbillies and shizz.....
I'd prefer purple or tiny music but.....hm
why is that every time i hear the song Clocks by Coldplay I have the sudden erg to walk backwards?
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust5555
your art work looks amazing (:
I look forward to tweeting about my professional and personal ventures in my graduate studies, studio productions and life in Colorado :)
imma give u the tracking number lol
looks like a wild night kiddies! :) love it!
My grandma was the one who taught me how to be a gentleman with women… I love ma grandma. *smiles like a retardant* Lol!
Follow me
the fact that never texts me anymore <<<<
nice bud, I can't wait to get out of that fucking place lmfao
Much appreciated. Conference planning still going well?
Balancing fiscal responsibility with the needs of the people of the 44th District will be my ultimate goal.
Sometimes the best way is the old fashioned way. Online cal is down. My moleskine would never do me like this.
I can't wait for friday!!!
fuck the swoosh gang
Our neighborhood community market starts today...it's so cute! Go Petworth!
That's a fun movie!
Help us ninja!!!
57hh in big blind. Flop comes 995. I shove, drunk guy calls with q10. Turn 8, river j. #fml #runbadcontinues might be time for a break.
i second that!
now watching #dirtydancing one of the best movies of all time
Oh Matty G, don't do this to me.
YEAH BUDDY:)
Boom! Crushed it! :) Next up... the gym
This could be easily done.
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with #vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
lol this is what I get for leaving this shit for the last minute.
Listening to journalist talk about covering charter schools
what'd you do?
Ty. Ya still some left. Think half of it is sold but don't know for sure cuz 2p2 is down. Will dm u link when I get to a comp
is giving away random gift cards for best #Instagram photos taken at the #PinkCarpetEvent tomorrow night!
Thought is action in rehearsal. -Sigmund Freud
Big Ups to all our followers! We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm-1:00am! 18+
We are starting the panel with the review of application #120011 - Arts United of Greater Fort Wayne.
I BET I LOVE HER MORE THN YOU!!(: #followme? <33
Whenever you quote me on twitter you have to type, #Shit Ade Says
RT : Waterstones' employee on the news: "We'll stay open, if they steal some books they might learn something"
My comment stands!
Walker promised jobs. He's almost half way thru his term. He got EVERYTHING he wanted. We got job loss.
not everything is meant to be fun or make sense, some things are just neccessary to be done for the greater good
Will be visiting the come game day. #RCTID from your homegrown #Portland #Chiropractor. Go #Timbers!
and then I found myself listening to tpiaga for the third time...it put me in such a trance.
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Cat Steven's father to sun Leonard Cohen's a thousand kisses deep
Alright, this means war
Music is not take it or leave it. Music is life or death
CORRECTION 3037 N. CLARK across from Chase Bank Come on in for an after work snack!
I need to go
Thx Tim! Have a good weekend, man!
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life - W. Churchill
lol just stay in the shallow
#museweb Opening party last nite. Talked w/curator about '13 exhibit on 'memory' Suggested we do a website discussion on What Do U Remember
Print1Media is having a Spooky Sale, take 35% off our Graphic Design pricing when you print with us!! Contact us today-Offer ends 10-27-10
Three Pitt Students Receive Goldwater Scholarships. That's 38 since 1995.
T/Y enjoy school.keep me posted on your work. share photos. I am glad I can inspire
great we've recorded your pars (wefq0)
Do your co-workers dislike you as much as the rest of the world? We can help! Show up with Screaming Goat breakfast tacos and feel loved!
Good Morning and have a great weekend
Look for a letter in the mail this week from ICTC re: prep for summer!
"The best leaders are not always the most visible ones" Michael Balaoing's intro to Ai-jen Poo, Amex NGen Leadership Awardee
Base hit, two on, still in this one! #Brewers need a double right NOW! Pitching change coming up for the Reds
d'oh! Go figure, it'd be one of the 6 days out of the year when it's not hot and sunny there!
Thanks to awesome collection of letters, I now know what "Pogey Bait" is! #archives make you smarter.
Just got home from listening to (final-ish) mixes for the new record. So excited. And so thankful to be working with Mike Zirkel.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend!
Second night in a row cooking righteous jams on the grill.
. #StaceyBobble all time fave still " did you not get the memo???!!! "
No ceilings mother fucker!:)
idk when i listen to it on youtube it says tori kelly lol and theres a fat black girl beat boxing lol
no. stop no.
Defense contests key witness in Mass. terror case
"We need to to learn not to fear illnesses of the brain,"
What ever happened to the Jonas Brothers? Are they married now or gay or wtf is going on with them?
At the bar for the badger game and a beer.
RT :Check out the Director &amp; 1 of the Producers of 'Transatlantic Coffee' on the 'It's All About The Show' radio show here: http:
I voted for The Edge of Glory, why does it say I voted for undefined?
Follow she just got a twitter account
True! And there are already so many daily deal apps. But maybe not in Belgium...
They're not worth dealing with the other ones. :p
Where is ??
Ariel, I think you're probably a star now. It used 2 B so easy 2 get in touch with U. Now its freaking impossible. Good for you!
If you were a candidate, we'd turd you for skimming. Each and every word must be weighed, considered and cherished.
No electricity at the house and dying of boredom! There's only so much to read here! I'm running out of candles...
nom nom, what did we get?
Or not...new damage on the bridge.
Is it an actual iPad app or just the iphone app on the iPad? All I cld find was the iphone sized one. Thks for android info.
| Thanks! Let's connect soon!
can u DM ME BACK I LOOVE U <3
Girls are sneaky, I'll give em that. Ha
I'm forever yours babe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Wendy Williams and Kevin Hart too funny!!! Luv it!
MIzzou all the way! Wait, what?
Facebook needs a Drama of the day section in my news feed.
“Let no feeling of discouragement prey upon you, and in the end you are sure to succeed.” Abraham Lincoln
R.I.P Gorden Simmons ........ We will miss you..... I still can't believe this :(
So excited about the Super Bowl!!
TONIGHT! stop by and hang 9PM. Viet-Ruse/The Colt of Us/Kevin Sanchez. Backbeat Magazine's Live & Local Sunday Showcase. FREE!
Do u wnt a reso? Sometimes Fridays r rlly busy. RT : ....Looking forward to a great partner lunch today.
But i don't want that need to aim for something better.
A March snowstorm in WI makes me crave porters & stouts, not summer brews. So why all the summer brew releases in March?
Tried catching a softball w/ my hand, instead of my glove. Good thing, I caught the ball & made the out.
Tiger's game looks like it may be coming around. You may be right.
why not?xD
No problem! Hope we catch up to you today. S is wearing a flowy black skirt & I've got knee-high brown boots.
has quickly become my fav w/end news shows/Great bipartisan round table discussions.Who needs
I love the translator he gets so nervous and he like shakes when he talks haha <3 Mad respect. Relax them nerves <3!!
"Lord, help me enter into that peace which consists in having put my life in your hands." -Carlo Maria Martini
Apex Launcher is really really amazing. It's like what Launcher Pro was but better.
Sun isn't even shining but feeling bright and cheery today... And it's only going to get better! <U+E04A><U+E418>
Boilermaker chili RT Q6 What would be your perfect main course this Fall?
Thanks, friend!
you're both gonna shame me into doing this...
Just told that Indiana is high priority!
« leading. succeeding. achieving.»
yea iite..not tryna hear it!
Till Fellner plays the well-tempered clavier, with discordant spoken word performance by lady.
R.I.P Chuck Brown
Going on hiatus soon. M.I.A.
omg what did she do ???? and tell your followers to follow me plz or i wont give you the jb posters
U got ur iPhone?
Bike to work weather. Tires flat.
#CF be free, be strong, be long. Never stop.
Yes. Don't get me wrong though. Usually super cool folks and food is awesome! Addicted the chicken sandwich-add chili mayo :)
My night has been made. Great night with the boyfriend. :)
woohoo! Where? Do you like it?
There is justice in the world after all! A few weeks too late though....
just saw a baptist church can. Should I chase after it for you?
I saw you buttholes at Ivan Green this morning on the way to my practice haha
preaches child abuse.
Bobby Brown Tells 'Today' He Didn't Introduce Whitney Houston to Drugs - Wall Street Journal (blog)
So tonight I'll fuck you like were in Houston taking it so slow so slow
you're such a true friend. I couldn't ask for more from you. I'm so sorry your going through all of this. I love you! <3
Got up early to read Gov Docs. On to the dentist and then back to read Digi Libraries and work on
seriously, it will never be the same :'(
Mayor Sam Adams banning bags is best thing since sliced bread. OMG! Wait Sammy, the bread bags!
One week.... One week is all I can spare to hype
28th flight in a row with
George Clooney always looks lovely!
Really sad tonight :'( I'll get through it as usual though.
Stupid people really make me sick!
Ask questions! U prolly will get the real truth...
Thanks--great to meet you, and so glad you made it to the show.
I was kissed with cancerous kisses, by crocodiles. (Confessions of an English Opium-Eater)
when i get home :o in a few minutes
YIKES! I would be screaming. : A mouse just skittered across the floor.
All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Maybe someone will jailbreak/hack the system to let you increase the speed the car will go.
Just fell in love with cooking. What kitchen essentials do you recommend for beginners?
It's your loss
The bus came early & it was raining, wasn't my fault
Life is a lot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.. or you're taking shit from some asshole.
Sounds like a plan ; )
What?! Roger is getting it done!
Wtf is going on...
the countdown is on! #nyc #nokianyc RT : Waiting for Ms Nicki Minaj to come on + catching up w +
Good idea! I will tell the NMRT board about it. What did u want to know btw - curious?
Stop! :O
You're gonna love it. Crazy hot women...
Looking forward to it!
Im trying to get through Blowback, start Morality of Capitalism, and maybe Hunger Games
"this girl! RT : aw<3333 i miss you too. thank you for being great"
what makes some movie posters so genius and others so bad? Thoughts?
RT : SO this RT : Meetings -- the inside joke that makes you stop working to talk about how you're going to work
do you need promo? me too
Oh ya know, Just listening to SUALM preview..OVER...and Over again...
even though her team killed ours, good game
Astute observation! Next round starts at 1EST, then closing plenary on paradigm shifts in science/academia, & DataONE
Scott Walker
I may or may not have just got 14 hours of sleep.
N light a candle *flicks lighter*
Tweeps: How do I add a location to my tweets? All settings say I should be able to, but it doesn't seem to be working on my iPhone.
You and me both, sister.
Had a long day
Can't believe Ohio St. Lost
You're so beautiful..
Y would I evr like u your trashy and your family is mental. Dont ever talk crap on my fam psyco.
Excited for Friday. Should be a great time.
gahhhh what is this social media stuff good for!???
I'm in
do you mean that in a bad way?
Early cinco de mayo:)
Hahaha, thanks! It was my fault for wearing socks -too slippery!
Why have I been waiting by the phone for 18 min for this phone interview?! Ooohhh that's right, I'm #broke ! #unprofessional !
in my mind he's saying it with an incredulous snarl.
Happy Mother's Day !!!!
Absolutely! Loud neighborhood noises shouldn't be allowed until after 10:00 AM.
we need it!
The Silk Tie likes Ivan! No tie in the profile pic? Tim makes ties look good, thesilktie.com
So what did I miss out on at #SXSW?
well :( that's ok I guess I have 2 wait until next time
What the hell are you doing Corey Hart
PHOTOS HERE! STAR TREK LIMITED EDITION PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH/ HISTORIC TALENT CAREER/ EDU/MUSIC/ENT. IND./ PROFESSIONAL PORTFOLIOS CLIK MY PAGE
Don't forget to register for Friday's 1pm User Group showcasing our myCampus Mobile 2.0 app ! Email to sign up!
Working on Drupal guide for whoever will be administrator of this website after me.
Check Six's vs RGNArtist on the #MLGOrlando beta stream!
Thanks for the follow!
two weeks till shenanigans in the Antilles
Good night! Tired, beat, warn out. Kisses
B's played a good game and ran into a hot goaltender. They could be better. He can't. Believe.
Action Central !
just a pawn that is all I am
I love salsa music!
What?! Why?! Scandal is THE HOTTEST THING on #ABC!
I was & am proud to have been raised by a strongly progressive, pro-choice, pro-equality mother!
I know what I'm making for father's day.
Hey is city funding CCDC and CCDC funding Run Ed Run not taxpayer funded campaigns? Just curious.
is the hottest #rapper rightnnow bet ya hottest song
She's such a little sprite that many of her clothes (and she has quite a wardrobe) are way too big.
Good things come to those who tweet! Get 5 of your teammates to RT #marchforbabies305 and you could win a Membership Pass to :)
If at first you don't succeed, kill everyone that saw you fail
swag swag
For being as drunk as I was last night, I felt great this morning.
I love cute
Decided to go out tonight, this clubbin partying shit is wack. Id rather get to the money & set my sons future up!
Fighting with twitter.
Having a gastronomical tour today, Japanese for lunch and Indian for supper with and
because they have nothing to loose and everything to gain! :-p
Work work work
cafe centraal, old German beer hall,
seasons greetings erg monster.
“: Im tryna get some honestly #D.D.H”
idc how much of an age difference we have if I ever met him I'd instantly kiss him
Play Him Before He Plays You..Someone once tld me that. And trust me baby, I kept my wrdd && promise <3.
lol I probably was. NOT THE POINT.
one is my friend but he like, likes me???? and the other is like mental or something
Introducing Whisk Reputation. Professional Yelp and social media feedback management. Would you be interested?
I hate when people who can't sing insist on singing ALL the time
I have been offered weed like 30 times in the last 5 months
unless Tiana got an email, no. sorry :) -Abbie
At the Open Door Health Fair in Muncie, come and see us!
yeah - useless to us, cause it doesn't help us to have $2000. we can't do it for less than $8000. sigh! :)
i tweet way too much!
Alright, let's do this. How is everyone celebrating #MKEDAY tonight? We want to know, so hashtag it!
guess I shouda not asked that question LMAO
did u miss me ?
RIP Levon Helm. The world lost a music legend today.
what's hannah's twitter?
I got my course card for next year, and im in classes i didnt even want -.-
Would it be a red flag if she was your girl tho? Lol
I can't wait till April 20!
#fangirling right now ! since you said you love austin <33 That sessy beast !
Amazon will send one for under $400. Right to my door. And how convenient not to leave the house, let the barber come to me!
THATS BIG BRO
I can't handle Fantasy football, I'm going nuts over here!
HA! I'm sure OSU fans are a little sad as well. currently wondering how much recruiting class will suffer. best guess: much.
#5bestsmells FOOD FOOD FOOD FOOD N FOOD
Woohoo, happy Friday!
I can't be the only one who woke up feeling like crap today.
sportscenter said you cousin!!! misinformed bastards
When you walk in the strip club the first thing you should see is ass on top of ass walking around ..
Vote for For the youngest dj doing it and Vote for vixen for the best dance crew the dj and the dancers is the best
Fantasy travel--which would you choose? a Pegasus, Tron Light cycle, Dragon, Nimbus 2000, imperial speeder bike, USS Enterprise, or an Ent?
My birthday is may 5 yay Team Taurus!!!!!
Dustin might be
I know , it's been forever !
No!! RT : Hey Portland, OR is it snowing like the weathermen say?
#Huguely sentenced to 25 years for 2nd degree murder charge. 1 for grand larceny.
Thx! We have groupon Now deals running! Try us soon and let tweet us what you think :)
"Infected puss" - jacqui hinde
thanks for the SHOUT OUT!! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
Hanging with the guys. You've survived the Shark Tank but can you survive the party!
But how does the unconference work? Using Twitter?
Good Morning!
Making homemade pizza and drinking wine- hello weekend!
Oh you're older than me by a year? That automatically makes you better than me on so many levels.
Living, He loved me. Dying, He saved me. Buried, He carried my sins far away. Rising, He justified freely forever!
Jesus' sacrifice on the Cross...... It is the death and resurrection that gives true life to those who follow Him.
If James Marsden has taught me anything, it's that nothing counts on Leap Day.
Email, manuscript photocopy requests, and tea.
$5,000 does not even put a dent in $12,000, what about preexisting conditions, etc. Not hearing anything that would make me change my mind
Check you DM
if you didn't see Hurt Locker yet that another must see
Welcome to #Twitter !
Obama's remarks on the war in Afghanistan: TRANSCRIPT - New York Daily News
Morning from Chicago. We are supposed to have nice weather today!!!!
where's the love for KJelly's birthday?
well its a start
I disagree. They shouldn't play baseball in Toronto either? Or football anywhere warm?
My brother is freaking out right now.
...and you could have wispered that to me from the weather desk, you're that close! ;)
I hate when I'm on the train and my phone is being slow :(
Awesome event in the office today. Thank you so much to Love Drop and their blogger friends for all your help :)
i am requesting some cinnamon rolls...feel free to ship them
RT : Love Soulman Sam! (0= RT “: Hey - you coming out to see Soulman Sam tonight?”
Who knows more about you: Your family or #Google?
Out of wet food = CATastrophe
thanks! Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically in Boston!
stop the looking through your fingers. You look stupid.
But if you are on the beach this weekend, the chances are pretty good that you'll be getting married. so....
bahahahahah!!! ABS!!! RT : I'll have what you're having, or in #Zone's case ... Not having
Shoutout to the rando girl currently snoozing on my couch. Bigups bigups
Every block but ours in about a 20-block radius was without power this afternoon. How did we escape it? We're the baby Jesus's faves.
just registering to vote has become so difficult w/ all the new "rules" created by repubs..to keep some people from voting
Am I the only person watching that finding bigfoot show? It's not a comedy but it is hilarious.
Just because you're "high pulp" doesn't mean I should have to chew you.
the funny thing is is shes Rican. Im Rican. we butt heads like a mofo
Fully aware of what was shown on last episode. Said with well intentions: She NEEDS to be in top 2!
its a strange thing as the festival is diverse in that films are selected from across the globe to participate. However....
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
Summer Y U NO hurry.
move to my hood!<3
Was someone just yelling boo?
awesome - would love to meet you.
When have the Packers/TT not drafted for need? Sherrod / Bulaga / Clay / Raji / Perry. I can see Jordy but he was a 2nd.
gum balls yum
Please don't. I'm am right next to the stage.
Creativity is an iterative process.
It's a good day to stay in PJs. I don't like the #snow!
Getting my hair done first stage perm yippee
im there
I'm an embarrasing boyfriend.
High of 23 today. Get your hat/scarf ready! (finally!)
Follow Us on Twitter and we'll follow you in return!
Attend Hope For Firefighters this year and support Widows Orphans & Disabled Firemen's Fund!
love is like a fart if you have to force it, its probably shit.
Happy wednesday! I'm loving this fall sunshine! :)
Plies new mixtape finna b sum heat
Maybe if so. I think its pretty stupid.
Reading this website!!!
Cant wait for my vacation.
Hope you've had a great week! It was so nice to meet you at our open house week.
New Meat Beat Manifesto EP coming out September 14th. Looking forward to hear what Jack is up to. Full length Answers Come in Dreams Oct. 12
yikes - frost!
well like I said, it would probably cut down the j*******k population, only j******kers left will j******k for an unlock.
Be like and get your twitter mobile. Once you've got it on your phone you'll find it much easier to incorporate into daily.
One hour until the Rumpus Book Club chats with Emily St John Mandel about her novel The Lola Quartet.
Love a #lifestyle special vacation $100 per night Caliente Resorts
An awesome one :D
Riding solo on #TMDNASCAR this morning... Send any song requests to this morning for
Bad news is you aren't here. Good news is i've thought of great new project for us to do together!
A new three-year French/German/American in the making. New European/American stories for a new century. Create History!
WHY DO BROS NOT KNOW THAT YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO FUCKING WHISPER IN A LIBRARY? SHUT UP, BROS.
cause u bblack
7 am?! Wow Gail you are gangsta!
S/O to Jake L. and the team that helped us shoot Studio 60. It was an amazing shoot and I cant wait to see it!
For a sec., I thought I heard #ontheair. Alas, it was only & impersonating that singular voice.
you need the Cat Effects App! you would die (courtesy of )
Does what's happening in #egypt remind anyone else of Cory 's "For the Win"?
no problem ! :)
#machinegunkelly I'ma wild boy I'ma I'ma wild boy
Headache Nigga Stress....
Omg what??
I want to know what happened with we are the in crowd.
So they say you have to publish: start with a strong poster presentation with your research! Definitely good rookie advice.
You are very welcome, from both of us. You bring a much-needed element to the hood, and you will see us again soon.
Forget Christmas! College football has started! It's the most wonderful time of the year! Go
If my friends didnt get so amped I wouldnt be so prone to attack.
Thanks for the follow, guys!
is confused...
Has John seen Vietnam in HD on the History Channel. I highly recommend it!
qhich leads to me doing nothing but feeling fat in the dark because the lightbulbs blew out in my room....
Of course you need a car seat in case the Golf Cart rolls over.
REALLY!? :) I went today, I did legs,abs, arms, I hope I don't get sore tomorrow lol. Which gym you go to?
I haven't seen these yet. Will definitely be on the lookout. yum.
I didn't think The Darkness was still around
Early morning basketball with co-workers... heck ya!
What part of Florida you going to?
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~ Mark Twain
Happy #EarthDay fellow members of the planetary ecosystem!
MENTION ME I LOVE U
wow looks like is very pop-ular! maybe we can spice it up and give chili lime packaging a fancy leg on the bag??
Two words: flip cup
Masters are in.. Loving them!!
I just saw this msg...Thank you, Jimmie!
Done. And instead of tweeting from shows, we'll write our thoughts on 4x6 cardstock and hand them out.
he's old
Music > everything else
no you weren't, don't act dumb, I'm not stupid, so stop making me look like the asshole, and Daryl didn't even have a girl.
I wanna make a new tumblr but I never post or reblog anything good anyways. My old one is full of stupid ishh. =\
Thank you good brother! Remind your chapter brothers and whoever else to do the same. I appreciate your support!
ah I see! well then, I am so sorry!! ;)
How was Everyone's holiday?!
- OK, that is definitely awesome with the Tom Tom Darth Vader voice. :-)
That awkward moment when your in traffic and you look behind you and the guy In the other car decides to flip you off. -___-
ELEVATE A LITTLE HIGHER #rusher baybies n_n
I wish I woulda read this a lil earlier, when next time u available?
One of my cats was glued to the TV watching Animal Planet--hilarious!
Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer. We met his mom last night. Please pray for this sweet little guy's...
All the information you need can be given in
Can't wait until summer
its Weds and if you wanna stand outside Tiff's its all yours!
Damm RT : I hate waken up wit morning wood
#kced 1 or 2 free drinks for peeps who come to trivia. BOOYAH
Two girls wear the same shirt: "She copied my style!" Two guys wear the same shirt: "BRO!"
Sassy has a show with Daniel and the Lion & Bulldancer at Baba Budan's. We play at 8PM. Shake yo Sass! and...drink something too.
Obama is rallying voters today in Ohio & Virginia- he's kicking off his relection campaign at Ohio State & Virginia Commonwealth
Clearly #RVA has more cougar dens than we were each aware of before this evening.
Please DM me if you would like to volunteer to help support in her campaign. Thank you!
There is a season for everything, God has a purpose today for whatever season you are in in your life, and it is to prosper you.
for me it's an absurdly high number before permanence -- like, 10!
I'm so ready for bed!!
Everyone go follow my sister !
": "But if I Foursquare it, can I tweet it?"//Never Foursquare. It's ridiculous to presume people care that one is @ starbucks.
Honestly, I'm jealous as hell. We've got Ellie Goulding.. But that's about it. :P
Got my honeycrisps apples at pike place market. Only the best
Wow. The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug. 16 launch. Thanks for reading everyone!
Assembly dems just exited to applause out, they're gonna need a bigger bus
Why is it okay for India to launch a new missile but not N Korea? Stop with the double standards people.
truly blessed me with this inspirational link to sermon by
I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey. :)
and are taking advantage of a fun girls night out happy hour with Who else is going to join us?
#deepthoughts RT : There's no need to sharpen my pencils anymore; my pencils are sharp enough. Even dull ones will make a mark
Hello!!! It's been too long since I saw the both of you (Patricia, it's me, Kathy Harris)
TAXES DONE!!!!
well I am so happy for you :)
My goal was to have over 1000 followers by Aug 2011 its been 6 months and I still got 600+ guess this what I get for never going on.. Fml
word went bar hopin down west u kno how i do
RT #OFPP says more & more agencies are communicating during Pre-RFP & using online tools
shoutout to for gettin a ton of compliments.
The Police escort is pretty sweet isn't it
Such a tease ;)
So ready for friday
#GoTribe Still From Da A Nigga Would Click, Smack A Hoe Tribe, Bitch Go Get Ya Daddy HAHA
I keep hearing good things about "Dark Blue". I'll check it out..thx!
is there ever a good kind?
Man my phone I need a new phone forreal
how do i use disss?
There do seem to be a ton of recipes aimed at doing everything to mask the flavor of liver, if you're into that sort of thing.
Unlike 30 ROCK it'll keep on truckin'! End of next season they'll hit 90 eps, so a season 6 is a no-brainer I think.
Special thanks to for the connection - it was a good one girlfriend.
filtering it down to what's understandable for me-but also, it's designed to hide complexity from service consumers
I will slap u lol :P
Off to Drupal 101- come see a preview of the new Drupal site! #ala11 Marriott at the Convention Center 10:30
It's going to be a little while. Drummer got hired away by an airline, so we're getting our new one ready. March 10th at Dans
Nothing is more disheartening blemish, as the consciousness that he guessed, and that he had already heard about laughter.
Tequila French Toast, Crab Hash, Juevos Rancheros! Get in for our brunch, serving until 3!
This is the type of shit you get when you work in philadelphias center city :/
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love. - Leo Buscaglia
Curious - what are the dimensions of that piece?
ill juat try my best though (:
Stop complaining about somebody has 'burned' u, when u walking around handing them the match & gasoline! Learn 2 LOVE u!
All of the Lannisters have adept comic timing. Like an ancient bunch of Reiners, they are!
BASH!!!Love U
Best bet is one-on-one w trainer to get started. Some PTs offer eval/advice. Beginner series at hospital-affiliate gym.
Nice meeting you IRL, too! :)
I hope when I die people ask what Twitter was.
you killed it on BET the other niqht !
i'm so super excited! and yes i definitely will :) i'll be doing a livestream from my phone when i get to the concert &
Teaser video and Posters coming out tonight for 's newest short film "Badassery: The Tale Of Major & Raheem". Stay Tuned!!!
And Whos That?.
Watching Lord of the Rings until I fall asleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
"Home Sweet Home" would be something dreadfully whimsical to write in frosting on a Gingerbread House.
OMG Nick Guess what if we Make a School for Only Us ICONiacz will youh Come :D :)ILYShawty<3
Thanks Donna, I just joined yesterday and am still figuring out how to use it! Appreciate your adding me -I'll do same!
help with a show there!
I'm just saying, my last name is NOT supposed to be "Mahone" on my profile....it's not spelt wrong haha. my last name is really Mahon!(:
WOW! Well done, Mr. Collins!
I'm sure you told it, "I'd love to move if I could"! :)
i know these.. they com wraped in a red wraper.. love that mexican cany lol
RT : When you think of "Seattle Celebrities" who comes to mind?
STELLAR performance by in tonight's game!! The Raiders will have a scary 1-2 punch at RB once returns
Good on you. Books? Beer? Etc? Heh.
this is the LAST rain of the year :)
He kiss my lips, i taste your mouth</3
Every girl has that one guy she goes back to, heartbreak after heartbreak and nobody knows why, not even her. And she just can't let go.<U+2764>
When you find yourself singing >>> haha #listeningtomusic :)
Made It Back In Time For #JerseyShore To Start.
Yeaa, that song is cool. I like that one called Monster
Does the person with the most boards win? What's the prize? Who's the mark?
lol oh I never tweeted that! Ur retarded. A horrible friend!
This makes ideal sense for FB since they only care about what is of "the moment" to keep building their momentum. FB is annoying.
#SignsYaKidIsUgly if noone every says their cute
Storms will meet you in Chicago be safe
Kinda. Stupid tho
3. Remember your former 401k. If you're moving from another job, roll your 401k into an IRA or to your current employer.
ohh lord, haha we shall make a date soon! I heard you got a jeep, I'm coming to ride in it soon :)
Today, July 24 @ 5 PM | "Question Reality" hosted by Priscilla Leona | Princess Fortier, KlyMaxx Band | Go to: latalkradio.com | Channel 1
Bout fake af... Ugh.
More house updates soon, I promise!
#NFL Draft Eve is one of my favorite days. Analysts panicking and changing all their mock drafts off of rumors. Kinda tempted to start one.
Can't wait for tonight's pamper session with the wonderful
It's true. I was there & saw you, separated by a crowd and lots of people frantically carrying posters.
Today is my pep assemble am rocking the orange go sophomore class of 2014 lip singing today :)
thanks! You can email us at
Are the Aj12 true to size?
I gotta get up out of here. Idk what ima do but ima just drive
Yeah! They host, we attend. :)
Nah, criticism and commentary is valid too - especially if it incites other people to make progress. :-)
and made Dr. Octopus into a cop! What more does NBC want? Maybe Dick Wolf ought to pitch the whole franchise to CBS, ABC, or TNT!
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 108
We been in Atlanta 6mos but haven't gotten to see wat it has to offer yet... Anybody have any recomendations for dinning shopping leisure?
Interesting Health Fact of the Day: The human body contains over how many miles of DNA? What's your guess?
I can't believe I actully got a twitter
Most definitely! Thanks for adding us too :) Keep rockin' the tunes!!
cause they blow
What are you interested in - a weekend workshop or five night classes? AAL Spring Classes are coming.
#AR is in the "silent movie" stage. Haven't established metaphors that people can relate to, e.g. Desktop, Trash Can. "Magic Lens"
Can't wait forever
Tripoli is a great bakery!! What are you getting?
we are standing upfront.
“: CRAVING SOME PIZZA”me too
Happy Halloween banana lovers!
Whats some god cali malaysian songs.?:)
These kids do not listen. Makes me not want to have kids of my own.
hopefully soon Mia is getting ready to give her an eviction notice
Anybody have any great plans lined up for the 3 day weekend? Any adventures planned?
I wish I could stay on my bed and sleep all day <3
You're welcome! I always appreciate a good read about social media.
Of course you should enter!
He's bleeding :(
hanging on has been remixed to death but one of these days i'll have some new sick music to share... and maybe get remixed :)
all apart of the computer experiment.
Herman Cain Plan B: Deny, Justify, Spin and Attack. I love this guy.
I thought u knew Wat I ment... Sorry bout tht. I wasn't trying to be an ass... Really I am sorry bout tht and I am really thankful for W ...
i wish i had the money to go to 's nyc show in june :(
How do general contractors find, hire, manage and pay great contractors? I'll show you how so you can save a fortune on your home projects.
When the designwas complete, he handed it to me without rising
you didn't know that?
Everyone should check out a new band Rocky Loves Emily they're fantastic!!
I now u told me u want some I said no then u said its god
Great week meeting in San Francisco; heard lots of "Love the interaction the touchscreen Comment Board generates" comments!
Philly tweeps: Don't miss-- BELLS= playing on Saturday, March 3 at Pi Lam!
I heard a rumor some asshat is going to paint my Space Needle. Is this true?
I'm still here! Working to beat a deadline... :)
Indeed! A great night!
Just watched a 3 hour long doc on Mr. Rogers. He will always be my
I think I just mentioned myself in a tweet...is that like speaking 3rd person?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTINMAHONE my 11:11 11/11 wish never did come true..... It was a follow from you(:
Tallying up the winners of the silent auction. Great stuff.
DJ who follows me was late to his show, so I filled in for about an hour extra. Now, I'm home, ready for a beer & a long sleep.
Yes. Yes you can. (If you get off of Twitter.) Go!
G.M.N.I.: Caress a woman's mind & you'll make her legs tremble.
Tonight's #renoaces #pressboxfood update: Spicy Pickle. Best spread ever. Thank you
RT Yeardley Love's mother and sister are also in the courtroom. Both are wearing light pink.
Swedish fish, sounds yummy.
Dont treat me like dem "other niggas" Or ima treat you like dem "other Bitches"
i think should make a song dedicated to his Mahomies ;)
BIG "thank you" to Doris, Timothy, Fran, David, JoAnn, Nancy, Keesha, Lou Ann for volunteering during last weekend for Ghost Stories.
So glad I live in this century and not past centuries. This one is way better than say, the eleventh century.
Today is going to be a great day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks, J.B.!
what do u mean saved both crews?
He said ok. I told him my paper was crap.
never tried bacon in the crust but my wife makes an excellent bacon Apple pie! The trick is candy the bacon first.
I want risotto!
“: I'm excited to announce i will remain a Pittsburgh Steeler next yr! Signed my contract this morning!” let's go!! LEGURSKY!!!!
I KNOW! Watching it on tv won't be the same. Nothing really and my mother already renewed the tickets. Glad for that
it's been great! Loved meeting you and look forward to chopping it up some more with you!
I hold a B.S. degree; Related courses - Oral Communications; Survey of Mass Media; Introduction to Radio / TV; Elementary Radio Productions
i'm up woo
#PARTY-ON Going to be a blast. 4pm -? UC
I'm gonna fuck this weed.
HEY HOMIE G
your pineapple coconut water satisfies my sweet tooth & my thirst! I'm in love!
Don't hide out from the world. The world needs wonderful YOU!
I would too...love her exuberance at games RT What i really want in life is to be friends with Ray Allen's mom via
Thank you.
If you decide to do any shopping today consider Forever21 for that special little in your life.
Louisville Coach wakes me up & we have a great convo. I'm motivated even more now. Cardnation!
i freakin hate this feeling.
U know you prolly already got 10 shares.
work work work
Well, Big Bill has finally recovered from his Chicago #Bears playoff disappointment. Let us now pillage the Vikings and look to next year!
I've been without my phone ALL DAY!! Don't judge.
it's not an interview, is it? i heard some rumors
Day 3 of this never ending insurance fraud case.
oh lol so now that u read it wat do u think about it
I'm sorry man I couldn't lol
you're in luck. you're in charge of Saturday's hangout.
I am having a follow Tuesday. I am so excited about following all of you people!
I haven't heard from my boyfriend since yesterday :/ I hope he's okay <3
Whenever my dad forgets 's name, he says "Play that one bad ass bitch that you always listen to", makin' me mod proud tho Pops.
I have two letters for John Brenkus and ESPN's Sports Science on the 3D assessment of Bubba Watson's shoulder rotation......B S!
Bizarre, i like that word, makes me feel like a rare wild animal or something... idk.
Every year partners with for The Christmas Angels program. Stop by to get your angel. Thank you.
Just finished the book "chariots of the gods"...such a great book, I would definitely recommend reading it
done for now, some interesting questions...haha was fun:)
Verdict: all ads should have cute animals.
#onlyinchicago it would have hail the size of golfballs!!
The things that are behind you aren't NEARLY as important as what's in front of you!! Look in the front window not the rearview mirror
Yay! Finally done with work. Headin home then Beast Mode Round 2! #Powwww!
Headed out to and tongiht to support some homies and get some facetime with new peeps!
I am a little nervous about the House Republicans' version of VAWA since they're calling it the "Violence Against Bitches Act."
lol yeo but I'm mostly just polish an german
Happy President’s Day! If you’re stuck in the office, you might as well come in & enjoy a proper pint after work for a late celebration!
While everybody continues to be paranoid for the next month, I'm gonna go ahead and enjoy watching everybody freak out.
aren't u on vacation?? Put ur mind at ease and chill. Enjoy paradise.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! We will be closed NEXT Monday for Queen's Birthday, please keep this in mind when ordering this week.
High levels of physical activity reduce cancer mortality rates by 38%.
Am EXHAUSTED from tweeting and following leads all day yesterday........I gotta get offline..........soon i will
Nelly ft Janet >>>>
RT : Here is the transcript & stats for tonight's #GetRealChat. Stats are still being built....
BTW, you need to roll thru for brunch one day. Next session, July 3. Grub is on me, of course.
I'll cut ur weiner off ! Start bck playin.": just cut me with her sharp ass toenail"
Ed Anderson, president and CEO of CGH Medical Center has announced his retirement, effective Jan. 4 2013.
Dude I know!!
sent you message via Facebook
You should hang out with my friends and I! If you have time...
Why do i feel like i always put in more effort than what im getting back..
Thanks for helping us reach the most extraordinary #volunteers in the country, !
Sarah Stillman () accepts Prize for Magazine Journalism. It all began at an Indian restaruant in Oxford...
Just trying to live right and pray God takes me through
considering it took me 3:02 to run a 1/2 marathon last year, I think its fast
and I just found out that is performing in our green room in a couple of months. Stoked!
Getting ready for the Jason Aldean after concert party at the Neon! Listen to Heather and the Replay on your way over from the Coliseum!!
sounds about right. thx!
another day , another dollar
thanks so much!
#DEFCON : good talk about cloud services and GPU's for password breaking. If your password is only worth $3 k, keep using 8 characters.
where y'all located and what's the rate???
I made candied almonds for a dinner party tomorrow. I am seriously considering eating them myself and making a second batch.
I won't follow because my hopes for his tweets are too high. Instead, I'll continue to pretend that Zach is
Go follow !!! he's awesome!
I'm always at school when you do a ustream:(
Sounds like the tenets of the Tea Party? Why fight the association to Tea Party? What's the difference?
hahahahaha #dead okay 1 more time, don't blow it lol
18 years! 18 years, and on her 18th birthday he found out it wasn't his
Upon A Burning Body is doing 40% off their merch at indiemerch store? Why don't I just give them my credit card? Must have self control
The atmosphere was good last night too between cubs and brewers fans. At least where I was.
The best time to wear a striped sweater is all the time !!!!!
: Thanks for the retweet!
I no longer question the journey. I'm just going to be thankfull
Lol! That's ok, accidents do happen :)
I thoroughly intend to do just that. Along with a savory crimplene blouse. (Neighbour borrows clothes -- not sugar :-)
#Politics Plus Newt got too many baggages to carry.
I want to be a child again when we only loved candy, cried because of wounded knee and wished for another toy.
Sure can! Let us know!
>:} Good night *Devil laugh*
Katycats need Katy Perry I'll help trend this for all my Katycat friends (:
It was really good.
Wow "must be married or engaged to enjoy this offer." Smooth, Hilton Head
I sure hope so!!
Usherraymondiv happy Birthday Mr.Raymond
I'm bad at lit.
now you just know i have to spend twenty minutes in the car to see if shows up to buy liquor with another girl!!
Working on memo regarding Mayor's Infrastructure Trust as #Bruins head into OT w the #Capitals in #NHLPlayoffs tied 3-3! Go Bruins.
About 40 here, and a touch rainy. It's not snow, but on the bright side, there is no ice! =)
Thx for the post on Jessie Ware; LOVE the song. very Lisa Stansfield meets Soul II Soul or something. Love elegant string stabs!
people claim it is because the bathroom is the same as the xfactor bathroom in the picture haha
I was just thinking the same thing?! I am too:)
What boy uses creamy shea butter?
Maybe they're an anti. I don't understand why anyone who was a fan of U-KISS would insult other kiss mes like that.
OK so clearly that sentenance didn't make any sense at all so I meant putting icexream to bake
Softball dinner <3 #hilarious x
Good morning! Still getting some Birthday greetings. Seriously guys THANK YOU!! I love you all.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
mhm! we have boba tea stations on like every block here in so-cal lol... it started out small then it turned into like starbucks
I'm keeping this account until I can get all my followers back in order *really fuming* right now
shhh! That can't be good for business.
The outfield should have dove to save the no hitter
It might just be me but I find #dueapp 's UI not so much unintuitive as just plain wrong. Doesn't work as I would expect.
“The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials.” ~Confucius
RT #MPSFChampions good job team!!! Boomer sooner 4 life!!!
ur joking right? Raise spending through education, we have people lets train them not import more!
It really is an awesome wedding video! Made my GF cry. I love Austin. Got lots of friends & family over there. Again, congrats!
I believe that ship has already sailed, and is about to sink rapidly.
It's not very often that positive stats & the Pittsburgh Pirates are used in the same sentence. Good look!
: on the section symbol macro - did you get the link that sent you?
Triple H's arm is so not broken
It's devastating to see Cambodia's land-mine legacy first hand. Number of casualties have fallen but still a big problem here.
fireworks make sense. cats do NOT like noise.
"Keep it up and you'll eventually score." Gee, Hubie. Thanks for the encouragement? You realize we're leading, right?
I can't believe you're cheating on Target like that....
Okay it's sad when you keep smelling your own wrist because you're in love with your perfume!!!
Talking about SOBCon08 - Liz is here!
Just found something I miss about Abq (besides people): My home-sick lunch of Twisters carne adovada burrito and Sonic Reeses blast. M.
#textanalytics understanding is also dependent on culture. For example, 'He's crook' means something totally different than 'He's a crook'
Happy Mother's Day, moms!!
She No Neighbors W/Jada,She Aint No Dam DungenDragon She Got The Pumps But No Medicine She a Stupid Hoe Ha Yeah Thats YSheMadxDNickiMinaj(:
a HOMEMADE balloon nonetheless. lmaooo poor kid.
Heading to OR. Humane Society for dog adoption event--ever adopted animal from them?
#why is there a bird in our class room.?!(;
dont test me sissy! daddy loves ME more :P
Thank You Joan!
Thanks to Simon Habtemariam, Chris Hoiles, and for joining Friday on !
My whole body hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Spent my morning playing surrealist games with 5th graders and now I'm onto designing Quincenera invites!
heheh i'm happy 2 hear that ! :) heheh it's owkaay <U+2665> >> how was your day ?? xox
Today's one of those days where I just wanna lock myself in my room and not see anyone.
Germany u?
we do have a pool out there :)
What I'm saying is that I've got a future..
We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make our world. ~ Gautama Buddha
Go John.
"RT if you brush your teeth everyday!" Omg, if someone doesn't brush their teeth everyday, that's just gross.
the funny thing about Scharpling is that he's ruthless with his callers. Gives but can't get.
From hair extensions to bedazzled nails, the showroom floor at the International Beauty Show has it all!
Big horror fan, so loving october...
It's that time again.
my house= green sky, hail, lightening striking in the front yard
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was just to follow and I had no clue what #hashtags were
gosh not fair
Just signed up for a floral trends class at Phipps Conservatory!
Good. Just preparing for this damn hurricane. Hbu?
140 characters ins't enough to say what a failure Obama has been and what a moron you are
So true! “: All is right in the world. 4 in a row! Go Green!”
Rep. Wachtmann thanks aide from House floor for keeping him out of jail. I don't know if she deserves thanks or scorn for that.
I love the song, "Mary, Did You Know?" Leads me to a question, do you think that Mary did know? Share your thoughts
I wanna get outta Memphis !
I'm going to be busting out my archery skills this morning! I don't think I've done this high school gym class. Let's see how I do!
I try to think of even your smallest imperfections, to try to get over you.
It must be a great feeling knowing how loved you are everywhere!
Yes. Howard's hair is chia-pet-ish, but he made me laugh. Howard's an awesome cat name.
Spokesperson. TV Host. Narrator. Actress.
Another power outage @ work. What are the chances Word autosaved my document?
Dear Chirstmas Break, if u dont come sooner ima poor my hot coco on you; so hurry up and come! Love Always, Peranahh(<3)
Happy birthday Jack Kerouac.
me too brother me too
Haha, that's funny
I'm gonna miss this. What a freaking cool thing. #ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
If Melibee #interns r any indication of what the future of #intled is like, dang, we got this covered! They WOW me, hourly!
How old are you?
UGK & Outkast might be my 2 favorite duos of all time... can't decide who I fuck wit more
wow fuck this
what are your favorite shoes...
nope. Not at all!!!!
I'm a little late, but welcome to twitter!
i can't find anywhere to have my truck pary...any ideas or suggestions????
summer starts around june 7th
Meeting with G-Unit dang Pauly I'm do proud of you!
#itAnnoysMeWhen the Patriots win a playoff game for first time in 4 years and everybody is going to be talking #Superbowl! #1anddonepats :(
well put RT : Slow is in the eyes of the runner. If you are happy with your pace, then it isn't slow!
Everytime I think of you I just want to be with you
omg, this song is so old.. didn't even know it was on my phone...
no I didn't girl.. But I was gone do something with Lo text me now
Skiing. 2nd day of yr. Wet.
thank you! will surely post to our blog.
I live in# NORTH CAROLINA,you ever come down here, by the way been voting for you babe
This would make it all worthwhile: RT : fire Denby, hire Hoberman.
Writing amazingness with and Patti Maloney!!
loll rude
I saw young adult. Charlize Theron & Patton Oswalt were both excellent.
Google Insights trends: Gideon Sundback, Zerg Rush and NFL dominate searches
YEAH :D No seriously boo...Thats what we shall do this summer & go to camp & make other fans!
I just discovered that there is an app for Facebook called BirthWatch. And then I shuddered and thought about over-sharing. As I tweeted.
And that's why I can't ask you.
Little dog parks are beneath me. Doug is just going to have to
I heard that too!
working & chillin. you know me :)
Wassup Twitter? Shouts To All The Promoters Booking Me In May! Get At Me Lets Go
well if I ever actually drag my ass out of bed, I want to go looking for a good case for my phone
gurlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll. ima virtually hurt you if you be awkward tonight!
#streetfighter anyone? Tourney starts May 2 @ 9. DM your name to register. 16 slots open. Bonus points for costumes! Prizes! $2 peronis!
damn right ol boy
Blessed this wknd w/my Siesta's Touched by the Father, afresh, thru teaching ~ worship. xxoo
Had fun today <3
This woman next to me on the bus has to be like 45 at least, but she is so sexy tho..lmao
Arranging Boston Internships# for International students# with homestay# Just placed a boy from Mexico.
You get a free bar tab, "I'm 21 and an idiot" shirt, plastic bday mug, oh, and all your friends get to make you puke. TEQUILA!
What's with the unfollow? Ugh, I hate it!
where you will almost certainly get stranded, later writing a memoir about how you and the rat passed the time
Just finished my first rehearsal with an awesome band I may be gigging with here in the Bay! Wooot!
how do you say you pray so much but keep getting The same results?
Glad dis pic is still in the 92q recent pics!! I miss dem ravens!!
Help us out and RT our HOOAH message?
Barenaked Ambition: the Mark Huntsman Story
The #Bucks out-scored the #Blazers 62-29 after Portland had an 11-pt. lead early in the 3rd.
Thank you!
Man it's a great day, no calculus... Just English, a good dosage of the word and lastly formal. So pumped!
u gone lose
yes. Now at pubcakes
How come when you make #porn films you're automatically a "star"? Just a thought. LOL.
we went shopping today at SYMS, Bed Bath and Beyond, and Sams Club in Elmsford.......had dinner at Pizza Hut
I do but with my new job it's nice to know I'm not missing out on his tweets. Thank goodness~
To support my beloved Sounders all the way to the MLS Cup My soccer resolution in 2012 is ______________.
lol that song will forever remind me of u know. ! Haha
Go Christian! Rep the HSPLO!
Just heard, "It'd run a maggot off a gut truck." We were talking about farming. I love the South.
Oh my, Adam Lambert's music is absolutely captivating, and his voice is so beautiful that it makes you want to cry.<33
Great meeting you as well. Hopefully our paths cross again soon.
Why doesn't have pull to refresh?
Let's use sustainability as a strategic lens for Phoenix to move forward - Mayor Greg Stanton
maybe if u stopped talking and started working u would actually get somewhere...
Wow! I'm stupid! Haha! I didn't mean to do that! Lol! :P #BlondeMoment!
Nothing quite like delivering Junot Diaz's phrase "one guru motherfucker" to 70 of Vienna VA's finest writer-grandparents. I love my job.
Wish I could trade my tooth fairy visits for a fairy that would write my papers...Guess I could hope for a genie, anyone seen one of those?
this kid that i meet while talking to kelsey at 1:30 in the morning on skype is creeping on my fb. should i be concerned??
My love is his & his is mine. my friend became the love of my life
RT : RT : Q4 ...The best way to handle unanticapated problems is to anticipate them < the best oxymoron of...
Met and spoke with Rascal Flatts' tour manager, Mike McGrath, today. Hope I get to work with people like him some day.
Glendale Community College! That piano was definitely used! Awesome idea that needs to be done again.
I want pussy RT : I want Domino's.
I here from many poloticians that we, the U.S., is the greatest country... Is this a brith right, or even still true?
I am having the toughest, silliest temptation resistance EVER right now! The tempter: Fast Food. Lord give me strength to make it home!
Hey hey! Thanks man
every single thing in the world aggravates you, so not sure why you're differentiating between your aggravations
MAKING DIFFERENCES - The WORLD is full of people who believe in things, but VERY FEW who do something with their beliefs. Which are you?
Brainstorming with about their #international program. Love programs that call for global collaboration
I am working on designing a new mobile ap for Hope to have it done before Black Friday hits.
Looking for flights to NYC that will be later than my son's program on his last day of school. Murphy's law that 2 things will collide!
Music is an art form that is now timeless. It is as much the art the day it was written as the day you listen to it!
I think the #drupal module, Fitvids is my new favorite, it scales videos elegantly for responsive design with virtually zero config.
My throat hurts :(
Sad to leave the best facials and waxes in Chicago with Rachael of Rachael's Spa!
you know what congrats you're going to be a wonderful big sister.
Rainy, cold day + gobs of work to get done = creative dreamtime aka naptime ;)
<-- Thx for the mention!!
Absolutely ! We'll def check out while we're in Nantucket. Keep up the great work!
Taking an hour for blonde to show!!! #DarkHairProblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
On that note night night and I hope to see everyone this Saturday @ Fire on Water, 518 N Water Street, 4-8...be there. It will be a blast!
no prob I dont get the things justin tweets sometimes either haha!
Lavender and peppermint is a divine combination. Instant refresher.
come get me NOW lol
Wow Thanks for helping spread the word!
Detroit Metro Airport just hit 98 degrees.......breaking old record of 97 set in 1926!
Prince Royce wishes to do a duet with shakira and he prefers hamburgers than salad :-) true fact
ohmygosh don't crush my dreams like that!!!! Hahaha ;)
We're and ready to order! Can't wait to dive into the red velvet pancakes.
oh good to know! thanks!
I followed 433 persons but I have only 15 followers.That's heartless!
Is this something new for Chicago? I figured it was like that every year.
Extremely proud of my wife for her brilliant interpretation of Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante tonight.
I pick MIAMI! Take me down to paradise city where the grass is green &
“: Luck sound a lil slow when he talk or maybe im trippin”<~~u ain't tripping lol
I hope so. Lots on mapping. Speaking: Natalia Smith (UNC) Lauren Tilton (Yale) Frances Abbot (EMory) Michael Mizell-Nelson (U NO)
hope you have a good holiday while off tour, thank you for your countless performances, you’re an amazin singer :)
ok cool thank you
Need a tech director interested in the Bay Aream great opportunity w/ equity
lol sounds fun!!!!
GIVEAWAY: Like both and Viral Ink's FB pages for a chance to win a free t-shirt of your choice! Giveaway ends tomorrow!!
"To thine own self be true". That Uranus. I should know. Im an Aquarian :)
I told her I killed the cat
sorry ms jackson
In bed. Crying. Don't bother.
I agree with set aside the differences use our common ground of hockey to show how great our sport is.
My cats were same way. Now, they regard a still bowl of water as "where the hell is my Evian, you cretin?"
I think it's funny how everyone is going to Ms. K's walk but no one went to Mr. Williams'
Vinyl > MP3s
lol thanks ha
don't remember, lol.
GOT TICKETS FOR ONE DIRECTION!
Thanks! RT : I love the space!
I'm sick of doing mature adult bullshit. Can iget a break from school yet
All I want is for my hair to grow :c
happy birthday ! (:
Congrats #Cleveland #Browns, you missed out on ALL of the qb options available.....again.
Whoops, we posted from the wrong account. RT We will be releasing 30 tickets for Friday's show at noon tomorrow.
Ronaldo in line up for Giorux. Let's go
How is the Senate fighting Wall Street speculators who are driving up the price of oil?
Thanks for the Three Sisters Springs RT! :)
Pasting is about 73% of most professional writing tasks, by my estimate.
So yeah, i wanna be in a band.
I love to eat!!, movies, clubs, smoke weed, do hair, talk shit, laugh, joke, & go shopping :))
blah. im so bored. im gonna tan:D
Artest?? Serious? Ok what size? Ask if he wants anything.
If we serve enough gelato, maybe the sun will join us?
Will you look at THAT! On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
Last song i wanted to hear by a live singer in bar @ universial is "rockytop". play some ac/dc man
You might want to ask OLSH for your money back because you still cant cout. RT " I Hate The Pens But 10 Goals Is Impressive"
my week-end is so close that I can taste it!
same here!!
Dear ESPN I don't care how much you promote the #DoOverBowl I still won't be watching.
Order two please.
OH MY GOSH. I MUST ENTER NOW OR I DIE
Beer!?! Sconnie Beer!! We'll have to check in with Troy soon all about this ok??
#eviltip 04 hurt everyone, love only yourself
i just never did matter .
Exhibit opening at Tampa Bay History Center on Sat $5 - Blue & Gray in Tampa Bay: the Civil War on Florida's Gulf Coast
^es Why am I so uncoordinated in Zumba class? I guess having rhythm is just not enough.
Oh, stop. You're awesome, too. Keep going.
Oh how I want to be in Vancouver.....
We, the people of Wisconsin, seem to be a bunch of drunks.
I do that often... had a good one awhile back, "sweep it under the door"
way to go, car
IUG folks just made my day. A lovely librarian I've never met just CALLED me about my ? on the list. We didn't figure it out, but how nice!
I am gullible
That was a good ass game.
#DearOOMF Remember a soft answer turneth away strife.
Attended brief webinar on GeoChat software. Wonderful!
what.the.fuck
Think he played baseball, too, so he gets to lend his "expertise" to both sports.
RT: on CUNY TV African American Legends April 7 at 6pm with Dr. Roscoe C. Brown
Just found out im exempt from one of my finals...go me
Just called and got the voicemail hm
in the library working on an ANNOTATED BIBLIOGRAPHY.. Ewahh!
hurry up... #blogathonatx is calling you!
that was a test. U failed. Thanks though.
All in all, someone eventually will have to prove they can beat Mike Smith 4 times in 7 games.
i'm really not feeling this whole work thing today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
I was accepted to ! Super excited! Go Trojans!
Ol skoo slow jams
Thank you!!
#PutYourHeartsUp on Thanksgiving
your music rocks!
I want one where can I get it in Indianapolis?
Bradidtude takes on Lela Rose. Love me some Rachel Zoe.
hmm didn't think about check-in services. scary thought. the optimist in me wants to believe cams are for good.
any insights into how Frank Tripucka really feels about wearing #18?
Were this a movie, I'd swear the snow is dramatic foreshadowing for a shitty semester.
Every generation needs a new revolution. Mine starts now!!! — Thomas Jefferson
National Assoc of Colored Women prioritized juvenile justice - contradicting idea black women didn't participate
new mixtape is reGODDAMNdiculous the perfect thing to hold me over till his new album
I admire you so much ! :) It would mean the world to me if you tweeted, retweeted or followed me<3<3
just because you're nice doesn't mean you're weak
OMG WHO DO I SIT BY
my brother and I just said same thing!
New Chemical Engineer over here! Congrats, man! --> RT : Accepted into #RIT!!
Rebuilding my 64bit laptop...bad sectors...first installed two new drives with RAID0 with the help of my 2-yr-old. He's really smart.
everyone i know is trying to shop on it's bonkers. no one is succeeding.
I don't have to get up early tomrrow
in at .022
Your the sex, or at least the blow job.
Don't forget that "self-employment" tax.
Just wanted to say, I love your blog! I always forget to take pics of my fave dishes for mine! P.S. Center Stage is awesome.
#Wildomar Council voted tonight to repeal its #EVerify ordinance after Gov. Brown & Calif. legislature banned req the checks in October.
Loving this! ": Yes, Leo sun or Leo rising sign, it works the same way. You're on your way to fame and fortune once June hits"
Rt #urabasicbitch if you’re not bumping ‘s music! www.LadyDuet.com
Brought a Nook Simple touch on Friday and I love it. Best purchase ever.
watch out those downtown DC roads are confusing.
YOUR WELCOME.
Film Maker Darren A. Saunders apologizes to George Lucas & Steven Spielberg for offering a better 3D product. We have 3D Without glass
Passed my permit test!
why is it so much easier to act angry than to admit that you are hurting?
So sorry morehouse
YES lunch time!!!
Give yourself enough time to warm up before and cool down after exercise.
doing work and missing shameless
Working in Hollywood today then taking some dance classes. Going to be a fun day!
You guys are all awesome! :D
I don't feel good :(
Made a new school friend by sending her a screenshot of the Will Ferrell Jeopardy/Turd Ferguson SNL sketch.
New topic - Trip to Monterey Region
wars good?
Im ready for you . love you! Lol
came back last nite called eve a #hoeski then eve kissed him after she used him #areyouseriousbro btw welcome back zack
Yahoo Sports has Matt Kalil as Cleveland's projected pick. That made me laugh.
#OWIF: Hey, I think my flight and K's flight are going to land at the same time!
Lmmfao and You are!!
it's just another manic Monday
ok, well no worries lets mesh up our schedules because I'd love to hook up with you ;p
Ahw great! My friend will be happy to hear that :) if we get together later you could thank her in person!
Sure thing Hun, hang in there!
Told him how I feel and he feels the same way<3 my heart is finally filled with love
That's it! Portland you can go away now
Let me wrap you in my arms.
Damn girl u look good enough to get in tune wit.
your tattoo is still so bad ass!
Love you
some excellent content from the LA Games Conference yesterday
We're so excited for the launch of our new website on Monday. Be sure to check it out next week!
Last night them westsiders couldn't help but be swagged on :)
An unusually high portion of my followers are beautiful single ladies looking for a date this Christmas. Nice to see their thinking ahead.
wow, a waitlist.
riots will end...forecast is rain=no work boots. And they are coming way too close to sticking to something for a week.
Listening to my true love sing his baby girl to sleep.
plus fucking one.
Everything Iz Purple >SWAGG #A.$.$.B.H.H
Thanks for sharing via twitter! #ECET2 continues past our time in Scottsdale, AZ
Maybe soy bacon? ;) I know how much loves bacon.
yes I love it! It's so clean and is one of the nicest fitness places I've seen. They even have a 30 min program :)
RIP to all the fallen journalists in Pakistan
Soon every girl will have the perfect guy all the guys will have the perfect girl. No need to worry, just gotta wait.
EARN YOUR COOKIES!!!!! Come on Lady. A few more boxes and those cookies are going nowhere!!
Law student? ;)
So have a Happy & safe Easter to you and your families tweeps!
Neil Whiteman, formerly of Lockheed Martin Space Systems, joined Gibson Dunn's D.C. office as counsel in the government contracts group.
No, it's called steriods! : Some aliens deleted my acc.
oh yea I was out there yesterday
iv been wit alot of #"str8msn" well thay r not any more lol
Go follow my new Twitter ; & tweet me a "<3" for a followback, please & thank you. c:
My smile is so big right now
Graduate! Yeah! Time or some well needed R & R
Cool. Just got a blog hit from Iceland. Noting these countries of origin is the closest I'll get to world travel.
Might want to try ol' fashioned emailing too?
Start walking woman!
awwh I'm super jealous of everyone that's going to the Dallas show tonight. Until next time... Dallas better bring it (;
But everytime I turn around you say your not checking for another playboy but everytime I come around you seem so ready for this :p
.. will be releasing her 1st single "The Look" off of her debut CD December 14, 2010 www.cdbaby.com.
Shiitttt, my room is to cold! -__-
Got bit by a bunch of red ants -.-
hey heads up! Next thurs me and the boy are coming down! Please prepare for some stupidness. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Follow back me is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
Wait until next year with and - the other teams might not even score!
Thanks for meeting with us, today for CCHI Day at the Capitol!
RT : You have to respect and love yourself in order to stand any chance for a happy life. Amen!
Almost april and still haven't figured out which direction I want this year to go
That sounds delicious! I love pomegranate juice.
i'm disgusted by this
Today was boof I got beat up by all damn day
Williamson suggests private financial papers as one avenue for future research into the origin of the First World War.
Apparently, Twitter misses us. HUB's like a game of Whac-a-Mole lately: as soon as we pop our heads up, we're hit with something new! Busy!
Lol my gay manager calls me Zachary. very few people in this world get to call me that.
Tumblr app not working.
I gotta know you now, we may never meet again. I gotta know you now and then...
That heart attack moment wen ur mom borrows ur phone "what if she opens my inbox ,my photos , my EVERYTHING"!!
i take the kids to play at holliday often, and always see groups w/grills. it's a decent option
there were a couple of those I hadn't even heard of.
Today was a boring ass day ctfu
To be honest... I'm not even that excited about prom.
We couldn't agree more, thanks Apa! MT #FundraisingTip - If you plan to raise $50,000 plus, please use a database. I USE
Done with the movie !!!! Nice to be working with some friend's !!! Playing !!!! We do it all for the fun of it !!!!
Up headed to the airport with goin to today to perform!!!
Out of plain courtesy and respect, I never call anyone cause I wouldn't want to wake them up
“You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake
Don't limit yourself. Many people restrict themselves to what they believe they can do. You can go as a long way as your brain lets you.
u are crazy girl!!!...gotta luv it tho.....hope the rest of ur day is betta ma....
Picking up coffee & pastries for #aam2012 Blogging 201 w'shop. Come by, caffeinate, blog! 9am, Room 207AB
Grain: mashing! -- with shockingly little drama.
I love watching how it's made. I like to see how things are created! #RT via Bowman
Well, hello, fellow-peep-of- !
Is the application online?
#TeamFollowBack #TeamTexans win and they are in well with a Titan loss but hey titans play saints easy loss eight texans play red rocket
Wanting to get back already & spark up with my nigguhs
lol wow been
My boyfriend >>>> your existence
I shot photos for and now they're famous. Check out their music and dance your ass off! They're good dudes!
I've been to the pad, it's quite nice! Id go to any event he was throwing cc
...the goal has been reached but they can use extra dollars! This event supports BLVD & features ! Seattle, take note.
i would need 2 cameras n more memory cards lol.. n where yu go2 school at?
Bout Ink My Whole Body Up I Don't Really Give A Fuck…
Of all the attractions, Jollyball delights me most.
Thanks! We're always looking for feedback, so if you have any suggestions let us know.
Turned out to be a pretty interesting night =) After a 12+ hour shift... I'm tappin' out..
At Cupboard Natural Foods health fair this Sat. and Sunday. 200 West Congress St. Denton, TX handing out free cookies! Come by and say Hi!
i have a humor. you cant read my personality over twitter though, i forget to tweet every 5 seconds
RT : In 2010, Forbes estimated Scrooge McDuck's net worth to be $33.5 billion. Good year for gold.
Is there a way that I can get back those 3 hours of my life I wasted watching the game last night and get them via a nap?
In honor of Teacher Appreciation Week, who's been the most influential teacher you've ever had?
France is nice to but Prague is the place to go visit lots going on there.
Woe to the bomb squad officers. :(
I'm doing everything 3 minutes faster today so I get it all done in 23 hours.
you're kidding me right? That means I get to meet you again?! Ok I'm crying:') this is the best day of my life. C u there (;
Wow! RT : aw wait. You were at the Brewers game Friday, right?
Im not tryna underestimate them....but these teams look garbo!!
Was just there last night! The creme brulee w/butternut squash for desert was like a perfect pumpkin pie!
I might just leave school to focus on temple runner what do u think
Nope still cnt find my headphones -__-
oh and i wish my mom wasnt a bitchh.
Do any other musicians out there talk to their guitars like they're real people? Or am I just crazy...
Thanks.. DM me ur # so we can talk
I love my element case it's a damn good investment to protect your phone
two hours may equal two points #stopbitchin ehheehheee
curious to see wat team takes a shot on Webb, he can help a club RT : MLB: Nationals to talk Webb deal at Winter Meetings:
Just finished Prince of Persia. Nice action flick.
THAT is an amazing 45, From listening to Otis Redding I have learned more about soul than any Swede from Minnesota should know.
can't wait to see you this weekend! we're gonna have fun!
Thanks for the reassurance.
ah Britney kidnapped me and forced me at gunpoint to go w her.
The GA wine app for the iPad will be on the app store soon
very nice! So we might see you tonight then.
Who bought the deal for Founding Farmers?
Blessed beyond Belief! Too Happy for Words! Loving this Day!
Trying to channel my inner as I pick paint colors for the new condo.
I would help you, but I have never watched bridesmaids...
We are collaborating with The Hunger Task Force again this year! JULY 1-31. $2off haircut with 2 non-perishables, $5 off color service!
Tomorrow going for my father the Aeropuerto in the afternoon yeaha
Ouch! Im too old for this!
Even though that was the crappiest talk ever. It helped. Thank you. <3
But u stay calling my phne from different #'s bc I wnt answer urs
Sitting in the same room with Johnny Depp and Tim Burton yesterday was a trip.
That could make a lot of people queasy.....
I would go to an Ugly Kid Joe, Killing Joke, Faith No More, Meat Puppets show.
We know every1 in NYC will be doing a tribute tonight to Adam MCA Yauch do you have a good set ready?
Icant wait til dat woman beater go to jail
#TYE Great questions and thanks for judging! I'm glad I didn't have to answer them!
Thx! ": Good to see you back in the twitterverse "
& if she lying. . .dont cuff her
still have jason thomas madison louis open for gf in my story just tweet me
When it comes to getting ready in the mornings, I HATE GUYS. I wish I could wake up 5 minutes before I had to leave.
Foligno and McNabb the future leaders of the tough new le'core
Go to the colleges or public sidewalks around colleges.
I guess that means will be coming to NYC tonight!
Sushi date with the sister in collge station. Where you at
Happy Birthday to have a great one :) and lots of fun (:
So glad. RT Enjoyed sublime dinner at Parish 2night - duck confit (app) paired w trout and ravioli with a chaser of macaroons. YUM
Seth or the drink? ;) Hahahaha
sad to hear that :-( sorry for the loss of your beloved family member! I'm sure he's running free and happy in heaven!
i am SCARED for high school. hope i get no classes with you because i feel uncomfortable around you.
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
Whoever said nothing is impossible has obviously never tried to staple water to a tree.
Yo, we can #MakeItHappen by the end of this year if y'all willing to put in that work. I'ma do it with or without you, so you in or not?
Is there a link?
Thanks ! I definitely did and look forward to the follow up convos.
looking for a good chocolate chip chocolate muffin #recipe... got one? send me a link!
you got it
those remind me of an after school snack :-)
Bill, apologies for the confusion. I'm not sure if we were waiting in different rooms or what. Happy to do an impromptu demo
dom :) guess what?! I won my first break dance battle today! :D lol just wanted to share
I got a job! I'm gettin' paper! And you know this! Very happy Latina right now. :)
Sitting back watching Antwone Fisher.... This a good ass movie........
Michael Jackson, Everyone! At Mink last night, the Dj played like 4 tracks and everyone had their hands up in the air.
And we're rolling. Vice Chairman Cliff Illig on the podium giving opening remarks.
G'night fb...God Bless You All & To All A G'night...
We were born to be ready for the weekend!
my eyebrows need my indian sista at eyebrow lounge to attack them with thread. i look like a jim henson creation.
closing the "Dan" chapter of my life. it's been fun but i gotta let you go and do me
His birthday is the 3rd, I am going to a friends show that I passed on last time and promised I wouldn't miss the next.
Lesson of the day from Rex Sikes, make rich friends!
Thanks y'all! We're thrilled to be working with you guys to build something better.
Lessons learned: the big winner in the USA v Brazil match? The ref! USA win takes her off the hook for her terrible incompetence!
that was an awesome first album purchase. Miss MJ so much...
Finally putting Manning on his ass. Let's go
How the hell are you leaving me alone tomorrow? I'm gonna freaking die without you at practice ugh bitch!!jk I luv you be safe
...and Thanks for the badass picture Tweet! Im gonna make that my new Twitter background! ...as soon as i figure out how ;-)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>Great Sunday Morning<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
Forgot all about this lab.
The sooner I go to bed the faster I can get everything off my mind
im still trying for you
The technology is powerful enough to easily track four people concurrently, providing the familiar multiplayer experience at its best.
haha your welcome (:
I'd recommend checking out the email notifications for dataset updates, or the RSS feeds. /cc
Been trying to join the webinar but when i click Join Now, it doesn't work.
slider by Patrick Robinson is sneaky good. Life of a ball player on the cape for the summer
story this morn the motorcycle cruise for Ronald McDonald house....pretty cool to see over a thousand bikers in leather ride out for kids
you are fucking retarded kill yourself please
Thanks for sharing this. At some point, I want to interview you for my TCW mag "Getting Social" blog.
yeah but that waiting period Is a bitch lol
Lakers win in a Late 4th quarter run.
probably Ethiopian 'Getatchew Mekurya' (sp?), who made a record and toured with venerable Dutchmen 'The Ex'. So good
“: the holiday in a cup/herbal. it was delicious!” Try Pink Parachute next time, equally as delicious!
I can't wait
Lyman and Fiona work to discover the family history of the bird in #ABirdoftheAir. Have you ever explored your #genealogy ?
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway.-- Emory Austin
Really looking forward to playing with and tonight at Lilly's 9:30-12:30pm.
scratch that... I googled it and it starts may 19th... I'm not home... What about the Jordanstown one
sweet! Ok
I believe in the lord and I have faith that god will guild me in the right direction to do the things that I was put here to do
Its true that old habits are hard to break, but youll never be more than my most tempting mistake.
Thanks for the follow Lorena. Your blog posts are great & you must do great work for small business. How can I help you?
Philippe Hersant has a couple of great pieces - "Niggun" and "Hopi."
A little Billy Ocean on the radio waves! Total 80's flashback! Bc when the goin' gets tough...!!
Sitting here writing my brother&making cinnamon rolls.
True, but no one cares what he says. B/C he can't win!
The May issue of L&L is out! #ISTE members and nonmembers alike can read articles at www.iste.org/LL.
phinally some runs!!
The -30- was a nice touch.
Front row Sunday for 4 Senior's finale...Check. Then Phoenix Tuesday for business...Check. #SayingGoodbye2JT&Snow
NO! nome of them will be shown.....
LMAO Love your discovery of Guitar Hero v 0.5
Give me back my Excite Bike !!!
Support your Huskies! Bring your purple peeps and cheer on Romar to his 200th win.
When you feel the fire taking over let it make your feelings behave older <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
[something witty, definitely w/ some wordplay]
In a good mood :) On my way soon to the church, going to help a bit, then work more on my sermon!
LOL. Well said.
So even having a good idea among the people, lacking awareness of how things are done, sets us up 4 continual cycle of going nowhere.
crappy weather? im looking at 64 degrees and sunny right now, i dont know what you're talking about.
Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions. - Pablo Picasso
jelly. I want a margarita. Lol
Well we got ahead of ourselves! Tmrw is LETS GET PHYSICAL FRIDAY! wear you 80s #Workout attire & get in for #FREE!
I like when you rt dr brule. FOR YOUR HEALTH
back from puerto rico!!!
HENRY THREADGILL IN CONVERSATION tomorrow :30 @ Columbia University! 301 Philosophy Hall.
Dang, I have a big weekend ahead of me!
#BestPerformanceEver with in VMA 2010 - Not Afraid and Love The Way You Lie .
thank you Kathleen
Thanks for the heads up. Looks like my 745 followers know I like Korean pop music.
I get out Monday at 1:00 . shove it.
Thank you Nate!
haha! Tim Misny is totally a CLE celebrity. Just made me laugh so hard. Have u ever seen comedy group Last Call Cleveland??
Don't like idea of "raising" dead musicians via hologram & touring them. Remember them thru their music, sure. Put words in their mouths? No
probably a stop watch. Possibly a tape measure.
x) dinosaurs are cool lmao
oh I hear ya, but way worth it RT“: minor beer headache for me”
Megan Carter rawks harder than Slayer. It is true!
I have a 2 seater truck lol... Y'all would have to come get me :(
Why do I get so hungry when I need to sleep the most?
Loving Gwyneth Paltrow's Tom Ford dress and cape
Watching spongebob before bed c;
Interesting... RT : All u idiots talking about technicality open up for some crow too.
Now that is confirmed to be in Norway my next guess is that at some point he's headed to Svalbard and Jan Mayen...
Need a reminder on what people really care about? Hit the Instagram popular page.
Admit you are powerless over pinning and that your life has become unmanageable. Every great journey begins with one step...
AND A WOODCHIPPER!
You'll Never! Be me, so stop trying ; your loosing time to find Yourself...
RT : Roaring success to new release by Thanks for mention and #ff YOU ARE MOST WELCOME!! HUGS & Wish you an inspired wk!
Carlyle IPO: No Pop, Just Flop
It's cool how me and live near each other! Hey u got FB?
Great -__- wasted a friday; blah a little tipsy thought x.x.
has yours been freezing to? mines been doing that today.
u mean friday ? RT : What you wearing Saturday?
That felt like the longest period….my nerves are shot at this point.
I dont care if you hate country, you have to love that song!
wld but only teams & the bands sorry
what did y'all bring me in to?
When a bored bitch like me is on twitter the fucking thing this bitch could fucking do is ask For More Fucking Fun!!!!!
I hear thunder nd rain :(
#Madison #smbmad UR the best helping our speaker get safely here. But he flew in to Dane Cty. See you in the am
good morn love
Positive thinking is the key to all success! Working out.
Heading back to clarksville for a few days
RT : know I'm watching 2 much when i'm stuck behind a Prius & it's ALL I CAN DO not to bump it off the track.I mean road.
It was character that got us out of bed, commitment that moved us into action, & discipline that enabled us to follow through. Zig Ziglar
lol hell yea this shit to funny original gangstas
To sum up Romney: first God created Adam, then Eve, then Adam&Eve, LLC.
Awesome. Thank you, sir!
He was born o bee somebody .there's nothing thats ever gonna stop him. he lights up the sky like lightning.yes.im tlking bout
i really need Spo to get a play for Miller or Jones there though!
Hollywood has decided that female gastrointestinal issues have been ignored for too long.
Sad day for Houston Fire Department. Senior Captain Dillion passed away after fighting an apartment fire this morning....
The cyborg was just the most ready instance of the more general phenomena of actor-networks, assemblages, hybridity.
I knew it was coming tho..
Will tune in! We teach professional development classes for artists. I'll suggest this as a resource, too :)
I like flirting with senior citizens because they seem to appreciate my charm
Goog game, Rudy!
I bought an iPhone today. Siri figured out what that rash that popped up is all about. Best purchase ever
Game Dev has to be understood as a system of options since only the beginning is plannable. - Old Prussian General
heading out tonight with a local TNR person to help feed & hope to catch an injured kitty.
Totally enjoying this show - RT : Made it to ATL just under the wire. About to go on at the Grocery on Home!
She humpin my butt
Where r u hiding?
At #ATT texting rates, sending a CD worth of data would cost you $97,500
Yeah that's why I didn't remember fighting it! I got KO'd
come see us! :)
Hey!! Thanks for checking it out. You dig it?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
Apples, apple cider, cider doughnuts. How wonderfully complementary they are!
tennis needs more personality..it is definitely boring to watch guys..and gals, with no emotion.
spending balentines in santa fe
Your most fav'd tweet is about giving a BJ. That's feminism? Making yourself a sex object? Don't lecture ME about misogyny, little lady.
there's a bus coming to twu tonight.
Strengthen yourselves so that you will live here on earth doing what God wants, not evil things people want."
Capitalization is a VERY important topic.
Just watched w/ Ken Venturi. So much wisdom from the left side of the booth & wit from the right. Two definite classics.
Happy Bday to A late happy birthday!
I need a job so I can buy things. I want all tho stuff but can't afford it. Sadface ):
I beez in the trap be-beez in the trap
If you just got your team a run you shouldn't give up a home run with the first pitch. Gorgen did.
Math mentor text pick #9: Minnie's Diner: A Multiplying Menu by Dayle Ann Dodds, Illustrated by John Manders. Keep following!! ;0)
Thanks for the great overview on the new Facebook timeline for fan pages!
I hate my Spanish class. I can't wait to be free of foreign language next year.
Just giving everyone a quick reminder that we have events going on Dec. 15-17, so try to keep your calendar free for that weekend!
: ppl buying access to individual book apps, when they could be purchasing vendor apps for access to multiple books
Wearing a pair of Haley Reinhart's American Idol short shorts, Steven Tyler showed off his 63-year-old smooth legs in Maui on Wednesday
I'm SO bored!!! Lol jk
Wassup, where u been all my life. Lol.
« , Haha yeah!» lol okay, i txt you.
hey I didn't say anything lol
this country was founded on hate, and survives solely at its altar. Or Mammon's. Which is almost the same thing.
#askzacefron #theluckyone My uncle works with your dad! Haha
congrats back at ya, haha. But for #Purdue (or any Midwest collegiate baseball program), it's more about baby steps.
A cool $10B when compared to their $100B stash doesn't seem so bad! I think is in Boston as we speak.
On set with This skit is going to be awesome!
Bourdain's Boeuf Bourguignon, the left over wine and a stack of books that need finishing...
Their silence is sufficient praise.
Just read it. It's a 5th grade reading level so it only takes a few hours.
Tryna to please the "people" creates further disappointment and heartache. Emotions flood over oceans from finishing last instead of 1st
If you're looking for VIP to the hottest clubs in #Vegas DM US!
I need to watch that and Avatar. So behind.
noo hahah i was just maybe going to go to workout!
Awwwh, thank you, Jordan! I hope you have a wonderful Friday!:)
my new celebrity crush..... #hottie :)
hook it up!
2 hrs of sleep isn't cuttin it for me at work i stay in a constant daze
1 day left till the #pitch conference at Mountain View! A gathering of intelligent, dynamic, entrepreneurial, and tech-savvy women!
watz good doe
great to have ya a part of it! We'll try and make it fun
I'm lucky to be living in such a bike-friendly city.
you too!!
me too! So nice outside today in
Watching the queens of comedy.
yeahh its cold in the winter and REALLY hot in the summer ahaha :b
Two thumbs up for #Bachelorette season premier on #WISN12! Too bad Oak Creek guy didn't make it past 1st rd.
great reporting indeed, especially just returned from country where such controls are nil, can't take for granted
In the Pops office , getting ready for rehearsal for Opening Night!
Spending a few days showing around the Syracuse area & Ithaca before we drive back to Chicago.
#ItsSadThat more people do not acknowledge that they are only silent because they will not speak.
I don't know where I stand, but I do believe that essays and presentations are better than tests.
DeCosta: 'impressed with Pierce on the goal line.' (Ravens did have issues in red zone last yr.)
lol i will sacrifice and be the bottom
I would like to live inside a Jackson Browne song.
Can't sleep DX talk to me
Wow has just released the new can w w hes infamous pose. COLLECTORS
Most important job ever.
I finally saw #TheHungerGames. I'm gonna start taking kickboxing classes....and always watch my back. Eek!
excuse me YOU'RE!! GTFO
I hate this. How do you get help for someone who doesn't want it? I'm so worried about you!
I got about 2 1/2pgs. Just checking in & then back to #writing. Call me butter. I'm on a roll tonight.
Oh ok but still lost lol
unfortunately the PhillyHistory AR iPhone version hasn't cleared the App Store review yet. :(
Or maybe his body just was going to break down no matter what, who knows?
That moment when u get new followers <3
i hate the new twitter.
Lokey: i have an army. Iron Man: we have a Hulk.
Let us know what you think! Remeber if you have any problems or if issues arise please contact ! Enjoy!
tks a lot. I just read it briefly and I think this might help. :)
Got lice notice today. Miss Julie said they were little bugs in your hair - COOL!
A federal court has denied Universal Music Group's request for a rehearing in the court case over digital sales royalties for Eminem.
Going to the Hospital.. Apparently Angel's Bump on his forehead keeps on growing :/
I'm done.
thanks for mentioning us.
Wow I just went into another world!
Tequila, weed, guacamole = good time!
I know u guys got the brews this Friday but wats good with that hennesy?
Do you want to be TWITTER OF THE DAY?
no sweat! Hit me up! Thanks!
thanks for letting me know
can't wait dude haha
How is everyone today?
how time can just slow down for effin reason
What do you think of the Tim Tebow phenomena?
WOO! “: just bought the album "Houses" ! :D”
you show up with your parent to interview with me = no job.
Omg just got called gay by a 5 year old baha "that kids gay bc he has pink on"
yup! you're right they are good hours, good mindset. Are you working in bham?
Crazy day! Rescued the bulldog from falling in the pool, left iPhone on top of the car as Xavier drove around with it...LOL!
the mom of the stalker who ran on the court last night?
Happy to announce is now Interviews Editor at
Project X pt.2 premiering @ #Treasures tomorrow Bday bash for
I'll never love again.
Finally got a new phone! Whaddup twitter?
TY. "Liquid" is my go-to tack-on adjective. It is especially compatible w/ awesome. As in "That 4-iron was liquid awesome."
#orioles can hit, just can't hit power arms. Against Feliz, CC, Verlander, Price... Just no chance.
It makes me so incredibly angry to have paid for an e-subscription only to be confronted with a Mensa puzzle to activate it. I want $ back!
Not at all. I've seen more kids from the Salem area resort to physical violence in the past 6 months than anyone from here.
I feel like I'm screwing myself over by not paying attention in this class ever O well
Thanks for the follow!
this is awesome!
Going to an interview ... yay!
Black Friday Sale Starts Today!!!! Use promo Code BlackFriday for 20% off all Products. Sale Ends Sat!
Loretta got married at that age, and she was married for 48 years!
They *are* powered devices, after all. And there's more logic to turning off headphones than eg Kindles.
Met a great group of Dads last night thanks NFAR
so whats the plan ladies
Know what's weird? Day by day, nothing seems to change. But pretty soon, everything's different.
"They're looking for WR's." First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
with what guys O.o lol xD
Watching the Rome Masters #tennis final, Djokovic v Nadal. It will be interesting to see how Djokovic plays after last nights 3 late sets.
when are the parties in Manila? I have a plane ticket there and debating whether to go !!!
Need to reserve a room for my daughters' birthdays in early March. Need to discuss details with you or someone bro.
Have fun at the race this weekend. Be safe out there ma'am. :)
DM us your email address so we can discuss
#TruthIs sometimes making other people happy is better than making myself happy .
Rain makes everything feel depressing.
Great to see #JAXAMA incoming/outgoing boards this weekend! Thx for braving the weather.
I wanna Shut down the club wit U
yeeee I know, its must be feel soo cool!!
If you're the type to get giddy abt MLS academy kids, go to Swope tonight. One of the reserves is seven years younger than Teal.
If GZ was black, the bail would be higher than 150k. Maybe no bail at all.
piano concerto no.2 ALL OF THE NOSTALGIA
Difference between school & life: In school, youre taught a lesson then given a test. In life, youre given a test that teaches you a lesson.
follow me back(: btw, ur concert is on my birthday ! :D
Busy baking 1000's of mini cinnamon rolls and glazing them. Now we just need to let the cool before we pack them up for you to enjoy!
how's your tummy today queer?
I sure do! Every party in Vegas
U know no offense but joe Jonas is like a womanizer he dates girls thn he nvr has the courage 2 break up with thm face2face or his dad does
Customer service, two words that rarely work together! Have an awesome Friday! I'm in the office all day waiting for an important call.
except Luke Perry
If this kid tells me what I think he's going to tell me, he's going to ruin an eight year friendship.
Yes brother?
Ok call your mom and tell her to pick you up now
Miami Beach gambles on radical remake of convention center - Miami Herald Found on Bing
You were right, it's never to late to change.
just my second baseball practice today..... AKA the greatest sport ever!!!!!!
you cant constantly talk shit about a man you had a child with cause you laid down with him and let him hit.. raw, probably more than once
I not into my feelings. I just excited about arts and crafts with my nose
Thanks for the follow! Have to admit that we had to look up the word "polemic". Good vocab. :)
I Didn't Even Catch The Second Half
you as well. Stop in the office soon so we can show you what is all about.
Syria ~= Early Cuyler
If the #Brewers get beat Kotsay and #Suppan today, I'm selling the rest of my 20 pack.
The pancakes sound good! RT : Now: pumpkin pancakes. Soon: making honey sage beer with Ryan. Then: drinking beer I made last month.
my pleasure and cheers...
Thanks, Andy! Glad we could connect in the workshop today. We'll be in touch soon!
Totally just blurted something out which sounded rude: "have maddy ready when I get there so I don't have to linger"
we'll get sukhdeep to play the lead I can totally see it coming together
But Pink?!? Its not even a remotely classy color
Today's gonna be great. Why? and I got to do our Secret Sammy Handshake on campus walk.
BBC is saying that she took "change" from Obama.
Hey Seattle - today is our fav day - #WineWednesday! $10 off all bottles tonight plus live flamenco guitar!
hurry hurry it's so much fun!
bad call? Looked bad in HD
Not yet homegirl. I will doe
bro okc all the way follow if agree
Reports that Gerald Wallace is a Net and Camby will be a Rocket. With 15 minutes left in trade deadline, who's next?
Celebrating the 2011 year with the Farmington #Jaycees congrats top your successes, and best of luck in 2012!
AH! Just watched the #BiggestLoser Finale! SO INSPIRING!!!
When do you think there will be a screening in San Francisco? I've heard great things.
hahahaha! That's would be awesome! :)
sounds fun.
No parking at LEnfant- heading to Chinatown/PQ area
If you have an hour and a half you can spare each week I highly recommend volunteering for I am swimming in happiness. :-)
Show off those guns u've been building at heat boot camp.
Use this coupon for $39.99; full discount off 97 min Battle of Atlanta Video; go to www.xwarrior.tv; use coupon at checkout! Enjoy
She turned her cants into cans and her dreams into plans.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Its Friday! That means its the last day of work for the week & Inspection Day!!!<U+E00E><U+E105><U+E036>
wait that's what I would have done. (other tweet)
Did I use "hands-down" correctly in last Tweet? Just realized: maybe I don't know what it means.
Do we know why some in lower classes r attracted to RW extremism? Ideas? We better figure it out!
absolutely. call or come by the gallery. have a great weekend.
We're opening a few more FREE accounts to Pro Baseball Instruction.com. Code is June20....hurry as these won't last long!
Packing another fashion change over
We have thrived due to the extensive experience in design along with a commitment to hard work and the principles of honesty and integrity!
please please please tweet me back it would make my night your amazing and adorable so please notice me <33333
i am going thru concert withdrawl... Ugh:(
went to the gym today for the first time in months- thought i'd say hello before i'm too sore to move.
sleeping 'til i wake up
God Bless America!
PRIMARY IS JUNE 6TH. THANK YOU FOR THAT POST.
Praise the Lord, I'm at the end of my life and I need a word from you I just can't make it in the world
the emotions "blind alley" I'll be
Getin head while the engine running
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora. Crank it!
Chocolate Monkey rooibos tea blend by Art of Tea is just plain addicting!
Progress is a process don't limit yourself. Your achievements have no boundaries.
Somebody get some weed! Hahaha
MY MODEL SAVE SOULS NOT DO SHOWS. Glory to God for the opportunies cause without him I would be nothing. Still grinding
Its not whether you win or lose, its how you play the game. I usually play it forwards so Michael Douglas jumps off the building at the end.
What donations messaging works? Positive, explicit appreciation and gratitude, donor-centric approach, simple examples
It's official I'm a cougar. It was awesome being 16 together.. Next year kid(;
DTLA How many coffee sleeves have you seen today WITHOUT your brand message on them? We can solve that issue...
Im so ready for school
You know you are getting excited about Magic, when flipping through cards you say,"oh, that's nice!" - then set in in the 'special' stack.
": Monty Williams looking like he could still suite up and give cats 10 and 7"Yeah me and you lol.
haha, I hope he avoids getting sent down. A real possibility
love who?
What I keep thinking whenever someone mentions the Hobbit trailer - "I'm into hard scifi. Fantasy is bullshit."
Excellent job NASA. Time for privatization.
I am hungry. What are you having for dinner?
Boss Cut off our walk down memory lane for ICE CREAM CAKE TIME.
nah just ppl fuckin me over again
RT : In today: flying dog wheat, pale, white, triple Karmeliet, lagunitas pils, gumballhead (gone), green flash stout 12oz +
And I started a poem, wherein the tree says to extract from the root pulls up too much dirt, and the tooth says it brings too much pain.
Congrats Gregg Popovich, Coach of the Year! Well deserved!!
How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system? People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy
Jean Rostand~ To be an adult is to be alone.
Without Batman (DWade) he would never win a chip. So if he does win congrats on that, but for me he will never be in the..
REMINDER**** Someone that follows us will win a Shirt or Hat today from retweet_it
"What exactly does that expression mean, "friends with benefits"? Does he provide her with health insurance?"
I can never open my fucking gatorades <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
#UMNproud RT Four #Gophers have been named to the U.S. National Team for the 2012 IIHF World Championships.
are you guys coming to Chicago???
thanks for the educator's directory info. i wasn't aware of the three you sent.
that's strange. Hmm. Does it need to be cross platform compatible? Cuz OS Extended (Journaled) reacts best in OS X obviously..
When I have children I'm naming one of them Finn. I love
DS: W/ Ricky Williams retired, I think the we could bring back Le'Ron McClain if they aren't comfortable with Anthony Allen or Damien Berry.
She be dancing 4 those dollars
I'm hearing that Ashton Kutcher will play a young Jobs at the least. Haven't heard about Wyle, but you're right!
Just negotiated a great rate for my first run of book printing that allows me to work with kind people locally. All I had to do was ask.
Fight off those rainy day blues with a delicious, hot meal from Chilorio's! Dine in or carry out. Can't wait to see you soon!
Just had guac what a treat! We kept watching them make it so we can duplicate it at home!
Thats cool...... and not the ice..lol
thanks Amanda! Looking forward to unveiling the goods for you in the coming weeks!
u are racist
Section 184 Native American Loan Program only requires at credit score of 580!
back to being DRY! last night was awful
This Friday, DJ Paris will be at wokcano-Santa Monica! No cover, great food,sexy lounge,& huge outdoor dancing patio! Wokcanorestaurant.com
We are so glad you enjoyed it!
Hey Mike! You have to check out the tea aisle. They have some amazing new teas!
Was having a bad day until you hugged me <3
IM DA NEXT BIG COMEDIAN/ACTOR TO BE ONE OF THE BIGGEST STARS TO HIT HOLLYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!
Get your game face on South Carolina! It's time to vote! Watching eagerly in Minnesota!
:D megha can't wait to get her hands on them
shhhhhh, I am trying to change the world over here
Hahahahahaha.. easy coach . Lol we work hard over here .
That awkward moment when u start a random conversation with someone on Facebook cuz the friend u wanted to talk to wasn't online :-/
I thought the #colts 3rd rd pick was questionable until I saw the #Jaguars pick.
aww that's sucks ask if he'll give you the point?
get some lunch?
Omg Robbin was a pop star in Canada! Lmfaoooo "let's go to the mall." Hahaha #HIMYM #nw season 2
u sleep
how's the crowd? #L1C4? Come on
i am called by the men sometimes, blonde goddess. may your eyes come, “...caress the detail, the divine detail” Vladimir Nabokov
Spent the afternoon discussing pros and cons of grounded theory at lunch with Dad.
What's the difference for me between a geek and a nerd? A nerd can speak Klingon.
Nd I meant stealing
JOIN us at the 2nd annual "Ski the Slopes", a sexy après-ski lifestyle party in Telluride, Colorado February 9-11, 2012. swingfestevents.com
Why is Jacoby Jones trending...? I didn't know he was so popular...
i see you maan
Nothing the whole day i felted bad as hell then i took medicine and fell asleep now i feel better :)
I needed to draw a map today and though I might need some advice. Hope your day today is "Map" free and peaceful.
Oh shir is fighting with people over the Internet a record 1 millionth time. Still looking to break his winless streak.
Today in Invention History: Don Ku patents wheeled suitcase with collapsible towing handle, 1994. Thank him as you head on #springbreak!
Consider it done!
Great discovery meeting w/ yesterday about PPC & SEO strategy. Top-notch interactive agency.
RT Springsteen #sxsw keynote says judging authenticity by tools an artist uses is whack. "We live in a post-authentic world." 1/2
You are literally the most ignorant person in the world.
I'd love to get some of your products. How can I get it in NY?
Alright. Gotta go to sleep. School tomorrow (: goodnight loves!
Finally made it to #smas12. Next up: some case examples of #socialanalytics adoption from JD Power.
That's awesome! I wrote a master's paper on the orchestration of Hero of the Day once!
JUNK AUDITIONS FEB. 26 This is a show about heroin addiction
Alright so why does it always feel so good in one workout and then like ur legs are being ripped off ur body the next?
Oh, I know about those ;) haha
there was that brief, awesome time when someone grafitti'd the monroe. If she was all grafitti I could be on board.
We've got some bX Hot Articles thing I need to send out. PrimoCentral in JHSearch will be discussed next month.
you're going to overpopulate AU with your peppy tours!!! :O
Nope, it's from years ago (2003, acc ) and was just called Coupling - straight-up remake
Galleries are selling across the continent. Are you buying? Support your favorite artist today.
Chasing love is a dangerous chase, True love don't have to be chased...Love meets and agrees.
I like her.. But don't love her at all..
I'm so mad.
Who knew would make my day today. Thank you!
10-4 just checking on you.
ARod stepping up in Post..WOW
Haha!! Got ya. That'd get too messy over our TL. And you're very welcome!
Fox News: ICE director admits to stealing 550k. Does a government reflect it's leaders ethics? ,)
All i want for my bday is for to RT this or follow mee(: its on Wednesday can I get a shoutout on that days vlogg??
make sure to take Some Explicit Polaroids of you guys hanging out!
***sigh*** too busy looking at #Saab on #SeeSaw. That's the breaking news in my life- empahsis on breaking. LOL:)
should have specified....I've just read illini fan tweets who are against it. Seems ill. media is dwelling on his 34-30 mac rec
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Wed, May 16 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
I had to write a 5 minute stand-up comedy set. I wrote 7... 7 5 minute comedy sets... in 2 weeks. 4 of them in 3 days. GO #ADD!
Bring it on Mitt Romney!! #Obama2012 ready to go!!
but how do we keep the government out?
Stupid bitches that can't move on from shit #HopOff ;*
Amen sistah!!! RT : M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round! Happy Monday!!!
he wanted to hahaha! Right ?
every damn day :) haha
Sweet dreams everyone!
I'm not. I don't sign bands. Just put out music by them. Funds are for me, tho, for the next half year as I'm moving to MA soon!
where's the like button when you need it? :)
smh, ya gotta sleep sometime!
Can I get a RT for taking down 2 value meals from Culvers on my drive back from Indy today? ----> Yes, please explain the order.
cool u can come swim over here to:p.
hahaha , what school y'all go to?
Make everyday a Small Business Saturday!!!! Support
Alpha-1 Symptoms: Non-responsive asthma or year-round allergies, Unexplained liver problems elevated liver enzymes, #charity, alpha1
Terrible line out leads to USA turnover
R.I.P. Felicia Taylor..... You'll truely be missed & never forgotton!!!
Funnier still to get a twitter update about that on my phone while still on graves.
Kidnapped Woman's Text Messages Led Police To Her Rescue - Hartford Courant
Oops ;) you will probably book it though...!
Bout time they air these games
": Stop wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care enough to make you smile."
learing about South Asia, Visual Literacy, images that inspire to write, elementary school program 4 low socio economic elem schools LA
when are you going to do another live chat
Fortunately, on Feb 14th I'm going to move to Uzbekistan where Valentine's Day is cancelled. via
I love listening to you sing!
That was fun!
Make your life a mission - not an intermission.
“: Does a bear shit in the woods?” well not the ones who are kept at zoos. they shit in a zoo
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
The fact that I'm on and #PhatFreeMonday regularly should tell you something about me...
we still need to hang out!!
Gladiators Cage Fighting Info for tonight 3/14: WI State Fair Park. Doors/Undercard 5pm, Main Card 8 pm. 25 MMA bouts. A great night out!
so wat that doesnt change the fact u dont risk yo life everyday in mexico as i do be cautious bout gun shots
J-Lo's performance in american idol was great. Those dancers bodies>>>>>
Let's stay up all night...
maybe i judge people too much
VCU up 1 at the half
Follow Back
see you soon!
Who knew #Barbie had SO many clothes! We're still working on the #BarbieCollector auction - whew!
Tonight our slate of new executives takes over for the 2011-2012 term. Wish them luck!
A2. For anyone nowadays? North Korea! Let's see if I can land a NoKo trip in 20 years ;)
Ah yes, the "69th of March"! Are you a NOID?
Logic Pro 9 and a small midi keyboard
just wanted to remind you that are the cat's meow,and i love yew.
White Bear Lake #Redbull racing home to be there for birth of his child. KSTP-TV at 6pm.
you guys suck. Look at the boards regarding #TheFinder . You bring back #BreakingIn and make it suck and now this?
No way! I'm clumsy, don't worry
Glad I stayed home tonight
Name That Tune: "The thing I like about rivers is... you can't step in the same river twice." Anyone?!
i want to give you a hug and say soothing words. I hope this is not indicative of the professors ability to teach...
what i thought Leon Eugene.
SECOND SATURDAY. another chance see the downtown arts community, starts tonight at 6, ends at 9
“: Channing Tatum: i'm your husband, you were in a car accident.. Me: OK. #asdfghjkl :))))”
I hope you came by our #Fabulace Booth
Finally got my six flags season pass!! But I don't like my pic.
I really did though!
I'm thinkin maybe i'll upload a preview from my upcoming mixtape today.. just to give everyone a little taste of what's to come
yes, the gallery walk rules... Especially that one!
I got shit to do. Holding a.spoiled ass baby ain't one of em
Gonna mob either Irish or Madonna, hit me up if u wonna get ur fitness on
That and no sparing with The Incredible Boos for his title bout with Rocky the Horrible Cat.
I ran over 2 mating birds, ripped my jeans and had to buy a textbook within 15 minutes of each other.
I made only one chick squirt before - it scared the shit outta me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Mum woke me up to go look at a car. We get there, and dude suddenly says he sold it. Uh. We were the first ones to come look at it dude.
Hmm. It may be time to stop being so damn passive.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched. . . but are felt in the heart. ~ Helen Keller
getting ready for tonight..
your blog posts get better and better. I thought a lot about this subject after watching "Midnight in Paris" then visiting AICN.
Oh look, a Star Wars marathon on Spike. This is shaping up to be the nerdiest Thanksgiving weekend ever.
time to gets mine and do whats best for my career ad future of basketball.
singing at THE UNDERGROUND WONDER BAR tonite 8-10ish, $3 beer, $5 martinis!10 E Walton. Hard week; give me some sugar 2nite, I'll sing 4u.
Im doing pretty good how are you?
Dalton diary: PM speaks in Secret Session at great length and very well; carries the House.
Is it cheesecake?!
I am looking forward to tomorrow's #GW2 for a lot of reasons, but numero uno is getting to decide a class: necro, mesmer, or elementalist
This comes just in time for those family get togethers and best of all HOLIDAY parties!
Just got around to watching your mail vlog! Thanks so much for the distraction during finals week!
Time to wash clothes..get popeyes and finish watching the game...
Dubix Records is looking for a Lyrical marketable artist/STRONG content. send submissions to must have HQ audio files
you're in denver and I'm not there? Boo!
Ultra this weekend. Miami traffic to the beach
cheese and chips on white bread
Good morning tweeps!
#IHateItWhen my damn iPod dies in the middle of my favorite song! ! -.-
Happy Earth Day everyone! Check out our green website: www.sojoinc.com/green
gotta check it out
Clippers vs Grizzlies in Game 7. Who Do You Got?
We shall dance... “: Dear , please record your version of "Crazy Beat" so I can dance my face off.”
Miley and Demi on one stage...... CATCH ME WHILE I FAINT!!
haha you text back hey and I say what's up and you never txt back lol
I guess I'm confused? who was paid what? didn't they all put their lives on the line?
Follow all the awesome people we covered this week!
I have a family function Friday night. One day we will meet up.
“: is it time to go i want tacos from ” lol
omfg hello welcome to my twitter i apologize rn
#Ah dnt u hate waitin at resturants to be seated #FUCKIN AH
#ask doug I THINK MIZZOU IS A LEGIT FINAL FOUR TEAM WAT DO YOU THINK DOUG
I'm not sure that is *always* true, but I would guess in most cases that is accurate :)
hahahahaha eat that shit up and dont speak just do
People need to stop pretending that T.V. is their friend.
what disagreements? :)
It must be contest season. Dr34ms about solo contest rehearsals and accompanying. Nerd.
Wow, I'm sorry. Feel your pain. My friend died of that at age 24. After being diagnosed 8 weeks before.
RT : anyone down for a college football fantasy league?
Wars World News Forums • View topic - WWN&#39;s Topic of Depressing ...
Well Thanks you for the support. :) ": u are so very talnted love ur work :)"
awesome stay , only dissapointment is having to find another hotel for Saturday night. This is a must stay hotel, class act
Good Luck tonight Kaner
Next step, discover whether can the business you start make money (demand) and be profitable (net)...
*daps* RT It's really red tide week.
Cheeseburger in paradise?
I took a bath instead. Stings like a dog ;) and my mom is making me wear long sleeves
Listening to Say Somethin before school. Proud Mahomie<3
Southern Indiana in the spring makes me wax poetic. Everything is in bloom.
Ok this might be a dumb question but what's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
American Ethnography/s Martin Høyem has no fewer than five research blogs at work for us: 2 China, 2 Brazil, 1 USA. They sure work great.
Its His Birthday & He Wanna Chill , Lmao Birthday Sex ? Ahh NO !.
I can't stand #tattoos. To me they indicate that you follow the herd and care too much about what other people think of you.
10 More Facebook Fans until we reach 750 fb fans, 5 more to 1200 twitter followers.
hmm what happened to the summit?
alright. Link up tomorrow
So sorry to hear. On Friday, it will be 7 years for my dad. It's a difficult time. :(
It's getting incredibly exhausting to pretend that I have my shit together.
Realized that Sunday morning will be the last time I see my niece and nephews for 20 months.. There will definitely be tears that morning :(
Just tried to call from a party bus. Yeah, that didn't work out.
I've heard of the droid. Does it have a keypad like the Blackberry? That's the reason I am resisting the iPhone.
spice your page up . Your the baddest on earth !
gay ppl r fuckin up my marriage. i used 2 be able to have sex w my wife but now i need 2 have gay saix bcause of gaybama? nope im christian
MT : SM can change institutions internally but not mission. Cohesiveness/teamwork is great but when not forced.
Yes! RT : We bowled for abortion access & have raised over $24k to help patients afford their choices! No apologies!
Ha. Not so fast.
Tough loss, but so so proud of
Oral bacteria could be responsible for foodborne infection
is the most gorgeous guy to ever walk this damn earth. I just adore his smile! <3
yeaa mugs just really get cut off
Gahh. Why must everyone attack me? "because its your fsult for having a bad attitude" My bf reads all my tweets anyway. No privacy with him!
and the local is Christ in his people. No building or 501c3 required
So megabussin it yet again..... Time for the rest of spring semester!
Verily. ": I'd like to point out that long before "Mad Men", there was almost every single character in the Old Testament."
We love the Cream Ale!
#Eureka is weird. Carter is having some quantum leap episodes.
According to my #mom, getting rid of a cold only requires Orange juice, sleep, water, sleep, MAYBE Niquil or Dayquil, and sleep.
that was great! lol
FF us and we will FF you! Let's do it!
looking forward 2 seeing u @ EO #glcbc! I was glad 2 hear ur speaking here in addition to ! I'll make sure 2 say hi.
Steve Blake I'll be seeing you
Learning about the #creativityhabit with Yes I am multi-tasking on a communication addiction medium.
Are you planning to take a piano lesson?
"daddy's gonna kill Ralphie!"
Perfect sports weekend!! Way to go Packers n Brewers!!!
“: Not singing the 'you' in 'gotta be you' cause you will scare the birds away trying to hit that high note.” and I
Burn RT Boom RT : why did u ever leave the Pats and play for the Browns?
Hope you make it in this weekend then!
RT : #Beautytip Copper is the color of the summer!
always bud!!!
RT He's that one person that can make me smile like crazy just by saying "Hello". So true!!!
well let me know. If its during your freshman year of college ill have my own apt but next year I'm in a bigger room with a
Utilizing our network of trusted vendors, we will save you time & money with almost any type of personal assistance & concierge service.
im just done :/
Big game tomorrow !
Congrats to ! Their new soccer facilities will help keep youth in that community active playing a sport they love.
Went to Mt Rainier. What a beautiful day & so much snow. Slowed down our hiking a bit, but beauty well worth it
Do you think Blessid Union of Souls super-fans all greet each other with "Have a Blessid day!" because I bet they totally do
Going to bed because there's nothing else to do.
full of Lies
its gonna be scaryy :$ i used to be scared of behemoth.. its like.. A QUARTER OF IT.
All systems go now. You were a gigantic help! Here's to TEDxAlums sticking together! Thank you!!
definitely drinks or something. Right after these next few weeks settle down!
RT : New Vera Bradley for Spring has arrived at Watts! Stop in and check it out.
Kid doesn't know what mountain of vegetables (think the Alps) she will have to pass through first.
you heard mayday parade's new song?
crucify them. but really. what kind of person just goes and pisses all over years of someone else's hard work?
Happy Mother's Day! What's everyone up to?
My pleasure. If I'd known that gluten-free pizza could be so pleasantly crunchy, I'd have eaten it earlier.
We're experts at yacht and boat cleaning to remove mold and water damage. In addition to being yacht dry cleaners,
Thanks EPA Administrator for a great discussion today about and the work we're doing together!
The right confluence of needs innovators and technology leads to the changes we embrace today
Perkins Coie in D.C. has added Andrew Shipley, formerly of Northrop Grumman Corporation and John Henault, formerly of Cooley, to its govern…
what do I want for lunch? Chinese?
shorter : don't go to college; stay stupid and vote republican.
shit I'm bringing vans in my purse for when I get tired wearing my heels, swag ???
Oh, good. My one-man fan club has moved on to something else.
RT : #FollowFriday time! The social media squad //Love it!
Would love to win gas money so I could drive across state & bring my son home from college for Christmas. Thanks!
Singing....Yewah be praised...all the glory belongs 2 u all th glory belongs 2 u oh God and we say Hallelujah
good morning :))
Seriously, No Jagr in the shootout? Dumb
HAPPY 17th BIRTHDAY 2 MY WONDERFUL, HANDSOME SON, RHETT!!!! UR MY WORLD & LOVE U VERY VERY MUCH!! THANK YOU LORD FOR BLESSING ME W/ RHETT!!
Have you Heard? Expressly Gourmet is Delivering with over 100 restaurants. Catering and personal orders. Place an order today....
Take charge and mean it .
MULCH Brown Natural $2.69 Red & Black $2.99 comes in a 3 cubic foot bag!!!! And it is selling super fast!!! Only
thanks for the follow and I am already inspired by the tweets you share. Thanks.
RT NOT one to read in public! Needs brown paper cover
Sweet. - Tetris is a game, which if played for 30 minutes a day, can make one smarter.
Happy mothers day to all the moms out there! Hope your day is a special one!
Stunning performances by Spencer Tracy (Clarence Darrow) and Fredric March (WJ Bryan) plus lots of familiar character actors
what are some good retro games??
I remember you competing for the IPAD2!!! How are you doing? Was ASTD 2011 good for you? Did you get time to enjoy Orlando?
Yea just a lil tired n out of it RT : Awe I heard what happen , are you okae ?
PROFITS OF JG Summit Holdings, Inc. surged by 76.7% to P4.91 billion in the first quarter of the year, propelled by the strong perfor...
Do you believe me when I tell you, you the one I'm loving?
I had a great time meeting you last night!
Sitting on the couch, listening to Coldplay's new CD...just being.
you can feel the love when none of your parents is going to your dance recital...
fog. Buses can't pick people up.
Last night was an awesome show! Much respect for our boys from Fight the Quiet!!!! Love you guys!
biggest fan of you all my life. Everything about this band is perfection, and you should come to Louisville, KY!
no I emigrated to conquered nations.
RT "I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek"
Lolol absolutely not
I can mail u a spare copy if u send ur address via email :) or I can scan it ..might get more readers that way...
Chances I will go to Comic-Con this year have gone from 0 to VERY HIGH. Cross your fingers, friends.
is so freakin' sexy.
Ok! I will! I can't believe that this is the last week of school already.
Lola=my hero.
Hey check it out! Social Media for with and
Great meeting guys. Looking forward to getting to work on this campaign with you.
Went to the dance with him. Best Night Of My Life.
Good enough reason for me :) RT : You’ll burn about 700 calories an hour on a bicycle.
Sunny & warmer tomorrow high 74. Low 80s on Saturday. 85-90 on Sunday & Monday. Cooling into the 70s on Tuesday with continued sun!
The Bucs have the most improved offense in the NFC South. V-Jax and "Muscle Hamster" Doug Martin will take that O to the next level
The people next me are haven the weirdest convocation
"You're the boss daddy" *whispers*
yeah. You were the child one.. #not .
A babysitter is a teenager acting like an adult while the adults are out acting like teenagers.
I've lived by an ezelles chicken (Oprah's favorite) for 6+ years. Passed it more times than I can count. Yet I've never eaten there.
"The Kingdom of GOD is within You" --Jesus of Nazareth
dude I'm jealous
Mother's Day was highly dysfunctional, but a good time overall.
"Thats a check."
Mission impossible made possible!
I yelled "THEY'RE GAY" at some directionator today. It was fun.
or if you're on the phone fighting over who has to hang up first :)
How do #comic #artists average a page a day?! I'm not even doing that much to prepare for #c2e2 and it's killing me O.o
I wanna live in a world where whenever you get the urge to punch someone, they're hit by a bus.
My daughter Emma read her 200th book last night...this year! So proud of my kindergartner! Just last August, she couldn't read!
hey Paige! Thanks for the follow back! Lookin forward to ttweeting with you!
2pm Frist Center for visual arts, Future Break show. FREE.
God does not define your life on what you have done, he difines your life on who you are.
happy birthday my fellow Capricorn! My birthday is Thursday! Have a great day!
awsome!!! Have fun.
need u 2 #RT for all of TEAMSHOCHEESE to tweet to play mixtape
is sitting outside the airport and refusing to get out of the car. So instead she and Nick are listening to country music.
If Gingrich-Perry talks are true, Perry would be most interesting VP debater since Admiral James Stockdale
I won't wait around for someone who doesn't deserve me
i know the feeling i was like that last week..
Boston. Real good times.
I only like Green faces.
Yeah. It was very quick. I only had time to check once, but we were on pace with AP. I'd call the BOE, for sure!
"Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
had so much fun floating the Sandy river for your birthday! Now on to $2 beers at East Burn. What a great day!
yeah I realized after I sent that lol least its on th radio :-)
R.I.P. Big Pun
I saw the movie today. I absolutely loved it!
I have the perfect track for you produced by Boss Doss at CoRic Music get at me. Keep doing it on em! Dopest female in hiphop!
Follow these great organizations:
Watching Color Splash. I think I want 's laugh! Maybe the body too if any fairy godmothers are reading...
Martial law imposed in #Poland 30 yrs ago today, in attempt to crush Solidarity movement; 9 yrs later, Lech Walesa elected Poland's prez
GOOD AFTERNOON MOMMA E. HAVE A FANTASTIC FRIDAY
Sex is a three-letter word which needs some old-fashioned four-letter words to convey its full meaning.
here comes the sun by
I wanna get out and fucking do something.
Idk why, but spiders more than anything freak me out... it takes a lot to scare me so idk whats my deal...?
"Believe in love. Believe in magic... Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?" -Jon Bon Jovi
hahha nah it's cool! I'm a senior in high school. But ima graduate in like 3 weeks :)) u like college?
lol yeh. Thanks!<3 And omfg guess who i saw today like twice?!?
Thank you!
And another Spaniard buzzer btr in a Playoffs close-out game
Not sure. Probably a Nomad.
Happy Holidays from Carmona Pictures!!!
Yep, it's me. Tried to respond to the DM, but it didn't work.
Thanks for the RT :)
“: Can't wait to meet later this month! It'll be a honor and dream come true! #BritneyRobinSimonLADemi" YES!
So true
Now we come to the tough/fun part of packing for vacation … what books to take?
PLUM is gearing-up to announce the launch of our new site. Stay tuned!
Talk about something else besides this one chick. It looks sad on your part bro
Congrats to everyone who got yesterday's trivia question correct! "Loosey's Rap" was banned from MTV and BET for "sexual content."
God I can't wait to hear it! You guys keep up the great work.
Man, it's a gloomy day outside.
Black females with high ethnic identities are also having high levels of achievement
Working on downsizing - again! The less I walk with the better!
“ RT Shut it down in Philly! Talented dude... "goodlookin...you did ya thing too my G"”Thnx!
True! I just need slutty out-of-town friends now.
Morning dolls
hope you don't feel another earthquake there.
Time for school :)
Lifelog as documentation of relationship between driver & car, makes me recall "Blue-y," the car I grew up with #altchi is too cool
Need a suggestion? What's the last thing you read that you really enjoyed?
is going around telling people that you're really 46
Dear Aunt TUAW: Help me drive with Siri | TUAW - The Unofficial ...
“It would be rude not to eat her pie, which I assume is not only hot but also moist, although hopefully not flaky.” - Archer
yes maam #food ;)
When negativity comes against you remember and remind your mind and your mouth to recite what God's Word says about you
Everyone cheer on Paula Creamer today!!!!
Smiling From Ear to Ear! God is so mindful of & still full of Faith in US!
I thought the collector did follow procedure, but the language wasn't detailed enough about the storage/sending of samples?
I believe it's political in nature so it makes sense. But agreed, Bmore is way cooler than DC.
What's up ? I'm sorry, that's the last thing we want to do! Let us know what happened so we can fix it! Thanks 4 the feedback
just thought id tell you you're the only guy i know that uses winking faces (; and i think thats the coolest thing EVER! :)
#Recycling You will lose money chasing women but you will neva lose women chasing money
I suspect it's the software outpacing the hardware. I am overdue for an upgrade anyhow, I guess, but the 1G iPad has been great.
out here, probably
Thank God for having a twitter account, now i can keep up with this weekend's series back home. Go Noles! Get rowdy Animals!!!
#SDSU vs New Mexico? Aw heck. It's a gorgeous day for a tailgate anyhow! #GoAztecs !!
Where am I going to live??? SERIOUSLY, WHERE?
Just read that DCPL has a Special Collections Library. That's pretty awesome.
#CentralOnline! Welcome Paul
having a party Saturday, May 26, 2012...text me if u wanna come! 571.232.6478
“: how about #brandyou?” that's better... I like them short ;)
Congrats & - you will both be seeing TONIGHT! Your names will be on the SIM list!
Last night was of the chain thank everyone that came out. We back at again next Saturday nite. Lockland bar & grill 713 Wyoming . GPS it.
Visiting stinky ! Im so happy now :)
Hi Kevin and Linda, thanks for your tweets about Scrubly. Please let us know how you like our app!
i want to get wankered with !!!
What are they putting in children's asthma medicine these days? I can't sleep yet is becoming a nightly thing.
thanks Heather! :)
:O same!! East coast? West coast?
Scroggy was projected a lottery pick in this upcoming police academy. With one more year of school he believes he can go top 5z
" there's a difference between overreacting and being honest." Meso has 34 ML games, you want to dump him. Not overreacting?
Well I think I found the reason why I'm always the dumpy My heart will always belong to (,= Mood:INLOVED
Another beautiful Chicago day! How's everyone doing today? Blessed, I am.
them was the days but nothing chillin
Lets get the band back together! #likeminds RT : #FF to who introduced me to Starwars, Mac & Cat <3er
There's a murder on the dancefloor
me and can just kick her ass if she wants to be a douche. ;)
I smile and act like nothing is wrong, its called putting shit aside and being strong.
ohh yeah I remember lmao, he's about to be 2 now
is not a bad place to spend a weekend! Old Mac and Trails today. Pacific and Bandon Dunes tomorrow!
Love your blog! We're hacking special education, specifically in speech therapy!
ToddHeap shows his love for B-more by taking out ad thanking fans. He could further show his love by scoring me some fantasy points.
I really hate one word replies-_____-
well its about My Little Pony so totally plausible :P
I had a Webisode ya know broadcasting our content online...haha
lol TRUE! but it was a lot more expensive and shipping alone turned out to be like $7 so i had to downgrade =[ oops
thanks for the follow
Please god I pass the Core 40 tomorrow
Thanks, hope you had a great #WW also!
on *Monima* and its attempt to negotiate multiple revolutions: revolutions (like time) don't pass, they accumulate.
“Happy Holidays! Book your New Years Eve Package right now for $89 and receive free bottle of champagne and breakfast! Only for tweeters
john fetterman is doing amazing things in braddock. thanks john for making important changes!
ill go follow you hold on
they always put on quite a show, huh?
Impromptu on Valentine's Day? How did you manage that?
Seriously the amount of snot coming out of my nose is remarkable.
IU didn't play their best. They wouldn't have had 20+ fouls and shot better than 30% from 3 if they had played their best.
A very real loss! You may be surprised how these people can be woven back into your life over time! He holds the future!
How could she invite you if you live in chula vista think corinna -.-
are u serious?...well yea, knowing me i'd do the same and let everyone else go nuts while i chillax lol
you at that place man lol
RT I wish falling in love had traffic lights, so that I would know if I should: Go for it, slow down, or just stop
hahha no one why??
Browns are making the Titans look like the All Madden Team.
myucf is going way too slow...I don't have patience for this nonsense
Blah its not easy
I hate st. patrick's day and living in chicago isn't making it any better
of course the album is probably awesome, I haven't given it a fair chance at all yet. Just keep thinking about Queen Latifah
Thx for FB invite. Bummed I can't do grad wknd stuff cause I'm in a wedding 5/5. :-( 5 years of work and no celebration -- boo!
too bad the Pacers are gunna put another dent in your playoff push on Thursday when the bucks come to Indy
Only part that really needs to be looked at is the publishing part. And extra in bold to make sure G SS is properly formatted
send me a text =)
Yes. Non-theatre specific sites is hard to compete with the CPM that big brands will pay. But if companies come together, possible.
no. it's the brain. You can't transplant it.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 90
Can't wait for the next episode...we need good tv again :]
I'll fight you
Why is it every time I go to bww's I regret it afterwards..
love how my hair hang && just blows freely in the wind
If he's not going 2 dye those things, Erick Dampier should at least wear a gray headband to offset his chin.
If there's a proper name in the script, know who it is b4 auditioning. Google in waiting room. It will without a doubt impact how you read.
“Most other companies said by the time they got to be our size they couldn’t innovate anymore.” Steve Green, Salesforce
aw cool!(: Where?:D
I've finalized the presentation schedule. Please check for errors.
Lmao! RT Your momma's so fat, she was born in June, July and August!
oh. Clearly I've never been to NYC. But it's on my bucket list.
About to leave work & run some errands FOR work. Never ending..
OK let me let you in on something... When I explode its like this Ima tell you how it is nah wait I won't IMA HIT YO ASS then i will hmmp.
Holocaust Remembrance Day (Yom Hashoah) begins this evening & ends tomw evening. We join our Jewish brothers & sisters in honoring this day.
But oh well.
Why am I awake. Back to sleep.
I wish this tropical storm near New Orleans would skip New Orleans and come to Texas! We need rain!
We're going to skip opening for our first brunch this weekend to prepare for RESTAURANT WEEK! First brunch January 22nd from 10-2!
FNM have Clifford Park booked. Sea of red.
Just two days left to tell us how you #votesmart and enter a chance to win our Project Vote Smart tee-shirt!
I feel like I'm chilling in Antarctica. <U+26C4>
I've been stuck on that week since I started. Seems like these programs are best case scenario. I suck at the sit-ups one too
i hate trying to get the blanket out from underneath you and falling off the bed
RT : We are hiring The position is an entry level Search Marketing Coordinator. View the description at...
If all you have is a Cranhammer, everything looks like you could, like, nail it.
At my moms crib posted about to drive home in a second.
Now im startin to get a lil tired...
Amazon rises to number 2 among tablets thanks to the Kindle Fire
RT : Obama: Tonight, I call on every State to require that all students stay in high school until they graduate or turn 18.
RT : Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented & fabulous? Actually, who are you not to be?
Do you have any favorite yoga poses for recovery post-migraine? I'm achy & would like to do something, but nothing upside-down!
She is with Ethan, who is friends with my brother. And alright haha
"#Supermoon" happens 4x a year. (Just means the moon will appear 14% bigger. 11:35pm eastern time is peak.)
'build an instrument' hm i will build because he is a sexy instrument !
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D 3
Layoffs today. & they expect nxt meeting to be as if nothing happened? We just say "glad it wasn't me"? Bad economy or mismanagement?
What company says this, but I'd hold off.. Holiday sale coming soon.. Needed to get some inventory issues worked out first! :)
Sometimes you have to forget how you feel and remember what you deserve.
Yes. Moving back to the Midwest.
Saw #contagion last night. If you like #apocalypse stories you won't mind it. But it was a bit heavy on the cliches.
Already using twitter widget on our webpage—so easy!
Can someone please make Brad Bitt cut his hair?
that post it is hanging on my wall, right next to my bed (;
About to play Mw3:)!!"
I was going to pay my taxes and then realized I don't make any money
Just had a friend get me a partnership with this mine craft server! play.themineville.com -IP Address
Still awake after night shift. Gotta go bed now. Hope I can fall a sleep. Goodnight all.
glad you're playing for Detroit, otherwise wouldn't have realized your tweeting prowess.
I am back
Genuis, really. I'm going to unfollow and refollow in tribute to such an epic stunt! :)
"Instead of rethinking the racial categories, the Census is trying to beat us into Whiteness" Manuel Pastor on how "Hispanic is not a race"
“: Shout Outs To ” yea we shut it down last night bro.
#bacon. Hmm bacon
Thank u! we have a guest lined up we just had to settle in after the big move! RT I'm waiting for more episodes.
I love the back and forth between and Very entertaining.
who asked u that? Lol
RT : For the next 4 hours I will donate $1 to for each new follower I receive
We shootin this weekend w/Will Gates off a Yung Chop track.... It would be a good look 4 the Chi if u show up babe! Get @ me
Oh, that is a favorite of many (including me!). Enjoy!!!
we just need you to pitch one now
Attention LONG ISLAND! We're teaching a Master Class on Tuesday in Port Washington at the Training Station at 7 30pm! hope to see you there!
Ice baths suck ass
Oh, I see. Looks like he thew at Carlos Guillen?
I've got the gift of one liners, and you've got the curse of curves.
Like Jada said when it comes to my family it aint never a problem its only a phone call
The shit you say but yet your in a relationship…… oh, true
I am struggling to work today...in the same boat! Like the post on stop submitting by the way.
Getting ready for HOW Interactive
not the thermometer--for a couple more days at least. Happy Saturday!
I just found out who those boys were. I guess they're close friends with my boyfriend's little sis n her boyfriend. So very sad.
Hahaha trust me, I understand. But so you don't post like every second, take my advice.:P
Can't wait to write about Davis's RE24 and WPA tomorrow as part of his platinum sombrero.
In a rugged mood, hope he
Enjoyed the Philly dining scene with friends
heh, no, not sad -- it's fun! I quite liked it. :)
Ten Hit Hindi Films With Terrible Endings
I suppose I have to shut down my Internet until after 30 Rock airs on the west coast. Dirtbags.
This two weeks of spring break is amazing! Waking up at 11 every morning. Last night got to see Hunger Games with my brother. Awesome week!
It cracks me up that they bought 19 copies of the book, THEN read some reviews and decided to pull it.
I was just satin its MY last day at the gregg....not zach's....goob
what about the ability to query the code?
Why, thank you! Yes, it's important to look into a mirror and say self delegating thoughts! Thank you for the reminder. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED.
thats what googd my dude.you peep the new video?
It's tomorrow, please repost Dark Delicacies 3512 west magnolia, Burbank 2 to 4 pm DVD signing for The Gruesome Death of Tommy Pistol
your welcome! (:
Yes! It was a blast.
Job Tip: Always keep a backup phone charger in your car/bag. You don't want to miss out on a call/job because your phone is dead.
Thanks for the support! Blessings!
Check this Out This Page is Happenin!!!!!!!!
Wajcman says that one reason she chose to look to families is because most other studies focus on youth...
Who coming wit me to Atlanta ??????
ahaha ! Go to sleep freak !
I'm beyond pissed at this point
Uhmm.. You were talking shit about me in chemistry...
Traffic is the worst I have ever seen ! Avoid 62 between 169 and 100.
#liber2011 Luce: "Culture eats strategy for breakfast every single time." To make significant change, must focus on culture change in orgs.
We're celebrating our co-founder's Bridal Party today! Sending love to all the YUMs tying the knot this year!
nah d-rock being single is prime, you just gotta be you. girls will notice bro
So there's a chance of a LA-NY #StanleyCup Finals...interesting
The paradox of having to stop working from home to actually go to work and get less done. Sigh.
I'm getting more into it I think.... definitely see the value in organizing house favorites
It feels so good to sit down after 3 hours of standing... Only 3 more to go!!!
They be like "There he go!".
Thanks for reminding me what an awesome panel that was - I should definitely storify life more often!
Welcome, Synergy 2012 attendees! We hope you enjoy your time in our beautiful city.
XD Thank You(: I get that alot :D
Why don't you come and have a look at some point and we can discuss
Haha. You have excellent taste in music!
No snow so recording
don't get me wrong, Tommy... You're great. I just prefer no kidding.
Awesome! You're welcome!
Playing with circuits
I vow to fiercely love you in all your forms. From now till forever. <3 -My vow.
RT "I wish to exchange this flash-of-lightning faith for continuous daylight, this fever-glow for a benign climate."~Emerson
Congrats what the exam for
Just almost told someone here at work that I was going to cut their insides out and eat them.
Boring Night
I don't want to be all braggy, but somebody just ordered a cream separator! Seething with jealousy, aren't you?
Is the #Arkansas QB for real? Coach may want to rethink that one.
so who's your favorite bachelorette??
Hi Scott, SXSWedu is a separate conference, so an EDU badge is required for session content. Thanks for asking!
Got good vid from show. Any fans of The Eagles out there?
Lets work strictly business
Tell your dopey sportscaster that Roy Halladay did not pitch tonight.
but im okay now but wanted to try out . -.- mother fluffer
just ran in the rain that never came... I just finished a 5.07 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
thank you for the follow, great job, carry on
Taking shots in honor of boosie. Do it big boosie boo.
Happy Mother's Day to all. Many Blessings. http;//www.oglhaiti.com
it's 2012. What do u expect.
because i know
There are different grades of deciding. He's on his own level of the field, which is pretty cool.
and where does the master find such toothbrush?
beverly hills... That's where I want to be!
Thanks for all the RTs!
It's October 1st and I've already seen too many Halloween costumes. Or am I too old for the Eastside now?
byee BITCH keep swearing I'm out to Hang with my crew that u obvisiouly don't have lmaoo 0.o
Ian Tx You! Once again you have given us a great topic to ponder. Will return with input of our discussions.
Okay. I'm caught up with emails from the weekend!
The things you hate about yourself are usually the things other people wish they had.
Alright so mom and I are in Pennsylvania. Only 12 more hrs to go -_-
Heyy we are gonna be in LA next weekend!! Are y'all doing anything live that you know of yet? Would love to see y'all again :)
QoTD: "The education of a man is never completed until he dies." (Robert E. Lee)
OMG i love you plies so much wisdom such a kind hearted person so genuine not many out there like you keep keeping it real
thanks for the RT lady, i like really need some great sounding stuff not the norm
answer me, Bekah
Two mile walk with the pups. Way overdue. #puppy love
Duh, were you expecting new anime?
Lurked my own tweets from 2 weeks ago, amazing the things I tweet under the influence, thank god a certain someone is in fact
i was in morning mentoring :))
According to Kinsey, 75% of men ejaculate within 3 minutes of penetration.
poor Jen she cant get Twitter. She doesnt understand it. FB is about all she can do.
Thinking of shutting my twitter
": If you really believe something, you will change your behavior to match it ( more people should believe this! )
sir, yes sir!
Back home.
Doing well! =D
2nd week of may baby.
i really need i boyfriend
yay new episodes! :)
Remember all the writing I've been tweeting about? Anyone seen of that motivation laying around?
Sounds great! RT : Yum! We should trade for some #tacos! RT : Our amazing mussels RT :
Done with prom hair for the day! She looked beautiful and I am proud :)
... and have my handwriting on the board
- i fucking hate chemistry.
Getting ready for the shows in Vegas this weekend!! Hope to see you there!
" let me holla at you "
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Just keep going a little longer. Almost there!!...... OMG, I'M GONNA DIE.
amazing hike today! <3
No program in particular. But thank you!
Who knew there was such an after market for teeth?
this is like that south Carolina heat outside!
Also if anywhere possible, you vs. or you vs.
super chill going home this weekend
NO!!!!!! OMG!!!!!!! I can't believe it. I was just informed that #DonnaSummer died!!!! WHAT!!!?
Lol he smokes weed and steals socks! Wtf.
People tell me there are plenty of fish in the sea, well that's nice and all but I’m human, I don't date fish
Watch out NYC a pissed off lady is coming! IRENE
“: im getting a headache now..” smoke some #tree then
Here in the beautiful, sunny offices of helping to #codeacross (america)
Not if you get acquired! RT : You Must Have Customers Or Your Business Will Die.
Number 1 takeaway from #12ntc - stop doing stupid sh*t.
maybe i forgot that cause i love u so much more as my greatest friend (:
McReynolds just needed a few hundred feet more.... Gerhart wins his 8th Daytona race
I see it all now that you're gone, don't you think I was too young to be messed with?
For Sowj we had to hand in our time sheets and journals? Was there a final reflection paper
yep! We have lots of fun!
WE WILL BE ON IN ABOUT 10 MINUTES ON CHANNEL 13 NEWS
Whether or not it's "a bit of a project", ANY recipe on your site is worth doing
“: Dear vampires, Aren't you worried about AIDS? O_o Sincerely, curious.” Hahaha omg
I agree there are issues with govt-funded higher ed in the US; offer a counterproposal?
Hey, I'ma head to the restroom - you need anything while I'm up?
Thanks, but I'll pass. Snoozefest. RT I will be appearing on tonight at 9pm eastern! Tune in!
'umm can I have a dozen Biscoffs?'
Southeast where u have to keep it steppin cuz is treacherous !!!
day ruined :( I was so excited for wednesday
lol, oh you meant a bottle. xD I usually refer to any liquor as 'a bottle'. -feels ghetto-
Great to have a day off after a week of shooting...
The drum video session went great yesterday. Will hopefully have videos posted for Retro Hymns in the next 2 weeks.
The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture.
Please tell your friend to follow me
anyone is automatically a lot more attractive when te're funny
DUDE IT IS HOLY BAWLS
okay? You didn't have to tweet me just to tell me that. And you didn't have to in-derect about me.
Such a funn night!!I think I might gave a new crush<3
You drive me insane.. After i walk away you make effort.
dont be so sure, City branding as Champs will see a rash of investment toward turnover. Fake or not
Good morning all. Many thanks for following me:
A king with no crown, king with no crown !
Who's ready for #ASHA12?? I know I am!
At outlining / structuring chapters.
& my heart aches, cus I will never see you again,,youre gone.
haircloth berrylike: Vonage reports $14 million in income, loses ...
Thanks for the follow - Hope to see you at Bollywood America in April :)
Im so proud of you. Im happy you won best male artist yesterday!! #swag (: cant wait till you come back to ohio!! #muchlove (:
Newt #scprimary win might b victory FOR hate but I prefer to see a victory for "weapons of left" v spineless 1% elitist phony job killer
Being fearless doesn't mean you have no fears, if just means you are strong enough to face then.
Where Are You Mostly Touring For #BelieveTour #TryingToSurpiseOneOfYourBiggestFanEver ! - !
have i told you lately you rock?!? well...you do.
I'm in a New York State of Mind!
surely there are water fountains in the dorm?
First tweet from my #droid - So far I love it. Will need a few weeks to kick the tires.
I think I am going to frame this picture today :)
I can't seem to make a clean version of an "oh, no! they'll see you coming" joke...
lol I do that all the tine ugh time!! See(:
i cant believe its over.. :(
420 existed long before that.. I was smoking in celebration of the day when I heard the news :(
We hope you had a good weekend!!
RT : #orioles have struck out 15 times and hit into 6 DPs. Wieters with 2-out double in 15th. Chris Davis is up!
i got a hot date on Saturday so.. Is there another way I can owe you one?
you bet! We'll see you next time and toast to your good health in the meantime!
Get it trending!? #PFismysanctuary! :)
Honestly, highlight of the day: the Library of Congress just sent me an email with a smiley face in it :)
HEy guys anyone read tweet well if u didnt read this go to hoods circle soon to get lemonade for a animal shelter
It's official and are all part of the party/show Sept 30th LIVE from the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland
oh damn we close
And that's a fair concern, absolutely.
Welcome! We hope you have an amazing time with us.
so doesn't count as twitter?
Hey Frank, thanks for the follow.
Working on our TTB paperwork! All our hardwork will pay off soon!
you're the best.
Beginnings are usually scary and endings are usually sad, but its everything in between that makes it all worth living
same shit..bout to drop 3 back to back projects in 3 months
So why DON'T children's books just go ahead and use footnotes rather than endnotes? Or both? Wouldn't it enrich kids' learning more?
Imma true to my game type bitch aint no dick worth losing what I got..I'm a good girl and nobody gonna make me look different
Time for some football!!! Who cares who wins, play hard and may the commercials be awesome! Nice job Kelly!
damm just picked up my cap and gown for graduation
Our speaker today...Noeleen McGrath is an award-winning television news journalist, media trainer and video producer.
Believe it or not I've got the highest #Klout score in Florida. Im also ranked #1 influencer by widely read StPetersblog
Hey Kat, I just found a bunch of cool tips for using Twitter as a marketing tool!
DATA Act builds a single elec system combining spending info fr/ agencies Treasury & directly fr/ recipients of fed funds cc
I could really use those new Google Goggles, there are times my reality isn't nearly augmented enough ...
Just received: "It is the submission part of being a writer that wears me down." Wow. Thanks !
roulan is just mad at you because his girl left him.
whoa whoa, at least I don't look like an even uglier version of Jessie J
Fun! Our wheelchair sports & adaptive rec coordinator can help - or 414-291-7520 v/relay Good luck!
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Happy Birthday Dad!
I cannot understand why universities can cite budget cuts to increase tuition rates at the same time that they are building new buildings.
stay safe smart move to be tweeting.
Hell yea this is gonna be fuckin amazing #TeenWolf follow.
E, if it's any consolation I was very close to not meeting Patrick. I was just walking away until he appeared
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
A lot going on for Go Local! Stay tuned for new members! And keep your eyes peeled for #GoLocal info from !
now that case is to cute!
Just to give you a laugh, I'm doing a 5K in June!
Lifeson, JP, and recently Mike Orlando
received by hashable invite but still unable to log in. Would love to check it out - if you can help. tried my email and twit usr
Lots of ice overnight... below freezing temps with the rain, so the wires and trees are coming down a bit. You okay there?
Poor Rory. Epic meltdown.
well done! of course you wont get this tweet b/c your phone is off. even still....well done
Unlike you,I'm working hard to get a good career
Peter Bol teaches database design, regular expressions, text mining, GIS in computational methods course for history grad students
BeeZ iN ThE TraP
I guess it's about dual improvement then. Good question!
Faded in my house lmao
Only go to KOD with what you are willing to spend.... Them strippers will break your ass! #note2self.... Had alot of fun though.
Woohoo the best show on tv is back!
seems so long ago. these 4 have had such a stranglehold on the top 4, it really is crazy.
Trying to decide if I want to buy a puppy or not. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Prob because Twitter is unreliable enough without being polled by millions of devices every 5 minutes.
Haha :) Okay okay I'm sorry my iPod is going so slow!!! :(
I offer FREE Online 1-on1 Mandarin Chinese Instructions for beginners by Skype! Email me to make your schedule:
says truth can prove guilt and innocence and dna is the state of the art tool for doing that
I feel what you feel, I see how you see but I can't always fix it.
A-rod and his small unit meaures up again.. Fuckyouyankees!! Bing on the steers n queers!!!
Arrived at my #DJ gig. Loving life!
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer40
Just when you thought Baylor's uniforms couldn't get any worse ...
Education needs to move from mass production to mass customisation
I am proudly, one of the Writers House, 238. Stand strong, soldiers.
Mequon/Thiensville big hail heading your way. Hitting west part of Mequon right now.
I believe I have caveman roots. Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
at least you have there tonight.
Forgive me everyone. I am a reality show junkie and those shows get me going sometimes. lol
Warrior Wraps!! Mike will take care of you!! Super guys!!
Drive safely this evening! We're hearing about dangerous road conditions on Interstate 75 between Richmond and Berea.
Weekends are so short . . . Only time a kid gets rest or has the most fun -,-
I got a black one
Awesome! Way to end a series, enjoyed the whole 2hrs, can't wait for the season 10 DVD to watch it again
What matters is taking that bold step.....the rest is secondary.
“: Flacco is eventually going to find one of these receivers who are 20 yards behind the Patriots defense.”
I would but I already follow but I'll rt this ;)
Damn you do it to me<3
lol exactly? Something about that quite gas to be wrong. Or my weed is weird. Can't be my weed. It's awesome.
Happy Birthday and Happy New Year Keep rockin in 2012!!
"Shiro sends his regards." Absolutely beautiful. -JO
"Don't forget to pray before you go to sleep tonight. Because God didn't forget to wake you up this morning."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
debuted his new CD Tresspassing this week, he's on tonight
At conception we are a zygote no brain no internal organs u go back to school
The wind is howling behind my desk. The last time they put up that yellow tape. Hope I don't end up in parking lot
I am alive! Just been very busy.
#denver users - if you're near the #zoo take a photo and upload to - cash is waiting :) photo will need to include a lion.
Follow and 20+ people will follow you, all his followers are
Alright, a fight to the death...A 16 foot Alligator trapped in a big hole with a full size Male American Black Bear, who wins?
we need all the help we can get! If u guys can't back it plz tweet and spread the word! :D
I have no more energy to give a shit.
Mayor proposed $5.6 million reduction to the overall DYRS budget leaving the agency with approximately a $106 million budget.
I'll bring the lava lamp and midgets
Yes. And then have your pupils go crazy in the next room with the electric blue lights.
well that's your fault if you miss it considering your 15 ft away
Wearing stretchy pants to make room for final dinner tonight.
bravo! awesome
how was it???
I ask because I always stop at Churchill on my way back to Chicago.
Does anyone know Sandra Bullock or Matthew Mcconaughey or another Texas celeb? We have an idea for an epic Flashmob.
it's a turn off!
Don't you love when old men make decisions about the safety of young women?
Happy Birthday
When me n have a convo females should listen cuz we say what ur man is to scared to say lol
Join...Ted Thompson...Packer Nation wants you FIRED!!!!
are they cute at least?
Holy cows. Tonight was insane !!!
The Ultimate Avengers was decent, I like the quality of cartoon versions they have made in recent years. Now for the Ultimate #Avengers 2.
#STARGATE #SGU returns tonight on #SYFY for its final episodes... <U+2665>
Good Point!
All of the #Packers rookies must have just woke up.. they all posted with 2 mins if each other lol.
Point is, Chi HS coaches are all noise. If you pony up $$$ you get players. Doesn't matter who the coach is.
thank you! :3
Dwight Howard is a coward!!! He know he said he wanted Stan Vangundy fired. He just ain't man enough to admit it!!
Ima shed a tear but i really #dontCare... this not the drake album..^_^
Alright, thanks :)
A liberal, a moderate, and a conservative walk into a bar. The bartender says, "Hi Mitt!" Thank you and I'm here all week.
Girls/Ladies do yourself a favor. Check over your shoulder, put the phone down and LOOK AROUND! Where are the REAL MEN not CREEPY WEIRDOs!
LOVE it. Ps how cool is it that Ohio had 4 teams in the sweet 16
Aww looks so cute in that pink dress and grant and clarie and Taylor are looking great. :-) aww that makes me so happy
I appreciate the kind words a lot. Look forward to your thoughts on 'Mania. Are you staying up to watch it live?
agreed the vast majority of city employees are hard workers. I blame city leadership for not insisting on proper oversight
So you're in Promotions??
Knicks?! Come on man
anybody wanna chat I'm so fucken bored
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware!
Haters are like crickets; they make a lot of noise you can hear but you never see them, then you walk right by them and they're quiet.
At 16th and Stout where janitors that work for Commercial Cleaning are leafletting about unfair working conditions.
Cool, thanks man. We were about in the same spot for FM, ha ha.
I see is Gurl
Nearly, but not just yet! Working through the rest of the bay, nearly done with the 1853 estuary maps.
#kill dem #shidz I'm
I think a deep copper red would look fantastic on you. It would blend with your skin & bring out your eye tone.
#eli2012 blended - Teachers like – best of both worlds, individualized, interaction, better use of F2F, reduced contact time
Ohmygoshhh. I love my last RT.
he graduated two years ago
Thank you advertisements and docudramas for educating us all that actors are not real people. I guess I am a unicorn.
Had completely stalled on my book reading challenge, but resuming today!
Can't wait to see Nicks new hair!!!((: Love you both!!
Or drop in a hazelnut Cadbury egg. RT : I may have to try 2 peeps next time, because right now this coffee tastes like sh*t.
YOU'RE TELLING ME TO LET HIM GO BUT YOU AREN'T GIVING ME A REASON TO. STOP TESTING US & DO SOMETHING ALREADY. GO AHEAD GET MAD AT ME. IDC.
Headed back to Madison after a long day of canvassing for
As it&#39;s May third…somewhere to the east… « anotherthousandwords
LOL omg I love u !
I will when I'm done writing, haha.
HAPPY CINCO DE MAYO ! stop by Bookholders and enjoy the music!!! oh & bring ur book to sell back to
I kind of hate "geek culture" lately and I'm glad it's becoming mainstream so I don't have to call myself a geek to signal my interests.
Need a big inning from Selman, here.
in my eyes your everything .. but in your eyes, i'm just a fan.. now
I feel like a geek right now.... Can't wait for the All-Star Game
economies of scale are weird. Everything same sized bottle + cotton cheaper than correctly sized bottles. Bigger = better!
Andrew Bird's latest too RT ...Sleigh Bells & Springsteen's Wrecking Ball now available on Freegal
Lets see if we go out tonight?
Agreed! A long wait, but appears it might be worth it...
Awww! Yay for Skyping! :) Good way to be reading partners when you're so far away.
But think about it a minute, you poor bloody fools. They are not strapping wireless units to unwilling homeless people. It's not 2015 yet!
Here we go
Fun reminder today, "you're an ideas girl, w/ some damn good ideas. STOP BLOODY GIVING THEM AWAY FOR FREE" I just get excited sometimes lol
when i mope over a guy, my friend would always say...#GetOverItLifeGoesOn and then I'd get mad for no reason... :/
I'm just now seeing what you said. Shows how much I use twitter besides my articles.
Thunder! I see this turn of weather events as the perfect excuse to start the third Hunger Games book tonight.
Feeling pretty down.
Hm... After a certain someone, I will try to live
Watching the game show designed for idiots Lingo!
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office & event
We are St. John's! RT : is attending the Cleveland Independent Schools Fair at Hawken Upper School tnite!
if you had to pick a book to suggest what would that be? Go Ravens
GO FOLLOW ! SHE WILL FOLLOW BACK!.
Listening to some Berlin. God they made riding the bus sound exotic.
You followed back fast!!!!(;
Well said ! RT : Never be afraid to be yourself. Remember an original is worth more than a copy.
me either john cena birthday im so exicited
Oh Downton Abbey, say it isn't so! I 'm in the middle of season two, and no longer streaming it online.
Awesome #nerdanswer. RT : . Walmart lowers its prices exponentially. They will approach zero, but never reach zero.
Can't wait to photograph and at College in North Andover this Friday! Who's coming? Tix are only 20 bucks!
Better Internet connection on Amtrak than in my apartment! I love trains.
We can't get a picture of this Asian that looks like Melody lol
While Yall Hoes Fucking For Me And My Bitch Trying To Get Rich......... In My Trina Voice
Sometimes Counter Transference Can Be O.K….Especially If She’s Hot..
these shenanigans happened last year too under Phil when the Mavs swept the lakers. Bynum,Odom,& Artest acted a fool in game 4
seriously! It was a good one too!
I wanna leave my footprints on the sands of time.
Reading the pages that Thomas typed up and sent to Polly about the giant in the supermarket.
Bill Clinton was president. He went to Georgetown.
Follow Sarah for live updates! RT : I'm at SGA and class council speeches! I'll tweet some pics later!
RT : A great day for Rip City!
Please pray for our show.
Goodnight guys! I'm so tired..
Sunday morning. . . working at CBTL - my favorite! ;)
Let the bodies hit the floor.... For sleep.
If Im not perfect that in no way means my God is not - Marshall Olman
What's your cuisine of choice? (I work on radio show that has weekly restaurant reviews from Journal Sentinel writer)
Please no intro Tyga they already know
Fuck it. Challenge accepted
can't wait to see you for lunch!!
now in the final 24 hours of the semester. girlfriend asked me to not sleep at school, which I won't -- I'll just be awake all night
twitter informed me I should follow you. So I shall
The course of true anything never does run smooth.-- Samuel Butler
I'll def keep this in mind over the next 2 wks. I think a post about how pubs and scholars define "value add" differently.
that's because they will be worthless in a few hours
Thank you everyone for the like!!!
Smooth flight to Ft. Lauderdale. Holy crap I'm hungry.
Up early watching teen titans! :) This is my show
FILL THE LOVE TODAY, AND OPEN AN ACCOUNT FOR SOMEONE SPECIAL IN YOUR LIFE!! HAPPY VALENTINE'S DAY!
What's your instrument? Hope you enjoy !
Philip Rivers is still spelling his name like that.
your welcome! :)
What next? A visit from aliens. Crazy stuff happening on this earth lately. Only God knows.
Lmao .. i understand
If you can't find something to live for, you better find something to die for.
That's what I said, as I watched Epi. 3 today. So good. “: o this show is good!!!! #scandal”
": Children learn through exploration, let them #BehaviourMatters"
OMG BO sighting on the Whit House lawn. He's peeing on a tree.
...well I guess it was kind of cold when you were here. Maybe you have a sinus problem?
I was seeing him going as high as top 10 in mocks. So excellent value in 2nd rd
you can't let go and you can't hold on
Goodmorning world B-)
Learning the hard way that raising money to run #bostonmarathon, especially $4,000, is more than a few calls and emails....
I think he was pissed I was taking a picture of his pink, skinny, tie.
I have known them all already known them all. Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons. I have measured out my life with coffee spoons
Hiram is the guy that tugs on #SuperHanahan's cape! Lol
I Like The Video
I made cake but I screwed up frosting it
Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?
Featured in the group tonight at Kitano, NY: Bill Easley, sax, Tommy James, piano, Hassan Shakur, bass, Payton Crossley, drums. kitano.com
floating idea of a joint or overlapping KUDOS and Evergreen conference in 2013
thanks Jerry...let's grab coffee soon
That's awesome! Thanks for the birthday wishes!!
lol naw its because she was too busy with justice
I am tempted to cut my hair real short again. (via ) glad I don't do that... I'd b all outta luck
#thistimearound on repeat.. Windows down..
Fun set tonight at beachland, just finished melting some faces!
Lex Veldhuis looks totally hot on pokerstars big game
I never watched Weeds,but #Huck was NO JOKE!I missed what that was about,who did he torture?
yes I love toddlers. That been my passion since I was little. U got a lot to do at ur job. How old r u? If u mind
watching Senna next week in Seattle
Can you yell nonstop for an hour? This guy on the street below my window at work sure can.
Dear SanFran folks: You have one of my fav cities. Please don't destroy it. Baseball shouldn't be taken that seriously.
Kristy questioned me again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Winner, winner, chicken dinner
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” - Rumi
Ha, that's extremely weird...
lol where u from to say that. Cuz its hot is.hot is hell
My special announcement is...I'm releasing my first original album on May 25th!
LMMFAO U TOO FUNNY...For Your Sake I Hoep They Dont Either....
i really hope my softball game gets cancelled! i want to go to the mal!
Teaching myself how to draw all over again this time left handed
Yo I'm really killing you in the snap back game now
No, not really lol
Fair point. Says something that an admission of scientific fact counts as moderation.
#whyilovebritney because has never been anything but herself!
Gotta love Veer merch
make two dreams come true but following me nd 48
Gay is Okay, that's all I gotta say.
NIGGAS SAY THE WANNA TOUCH THE SKY I BEEN TRYIN TO GO TO PLUTO<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
my goal is words with friends is not to win. Rather I want the most inane, low scoring words possible
He wasn’t: He was a *minority* kid with skittles and iced tea, and that makes it all OK. Or something. :-/
Why is the tornado alarm going off....?
I wonder who on the phone ? <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1>
Now THAT, was a fun IntervalStrength class! Thanks for the fun time, W'land Hills!
Sunday is the last day to check out the lights @ Del Mar Racetrack! So don't miss out on seeing this 1.5 mile long row of lights!
Her mouth said "I love you", but her eyes said "I wish you'd founded Instagram."
Thank you much!
Well Boom Boom Luke I just kicked my TV while freaking out watching the
I got 2nd place man.I was rite there.lol
HA! I new you would makes a twitter;))
we should be fine as long as I'm not at the game ... I'm the jinx in the family ..
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
Tebow completes first pass of the game....catching everyone by surprise..
"War is Peace" "Freedom is Slavery" "Ignorance is Strength."- "George Orwell
Not many people are followed by both and
You should ask people a question related to the song. Something about themself, like, "are you precocious?"
i love ur back round heka pretty !!
Should I get up or go back to bed? Lol
You were looking for epic, right? Faily McFailfail is clearly more epic than simply McFail.
any run is good, but a morning run is even better!
Waiting for deliveries, listening to The Hold Steady practice for Wed's show. They're doing an awesome cover of Power of Love right now.
116 of 200 miles in 4 hours. AUS-DLS drive on TG is like Gilligan's tour: s/b 3 hrs, but may never get home. Gilligan & Ginger are napping.
Interested in being a Mentor Counselor for Upward Bound? Email letter/resume to .edu by 3/1.
Oops, tweeted too soon! Her data doesn't back up the hypothesis. That's Twitter for you...
Ma kids r leaving 2day yeah me
A3: If you are using people they should be facing your action.
in order to get $2.5-2.9 billion to fund current backlog and future needs would take approximately $66/$100k which is max allowed
I cannot wait to go back to school and see him again.
I think you would be an outstanding basketball announcer. A team of you and Kevin Calabro would be epic!
. Could be a cottage industry: YouTube videos of signing things.
#Badgers pride. Your turn, Jordan Taylor. RT : Big news, sneaker fans: signed with Nike.
Haz mat teams determine suspicious substance found at Marquam Plaza Thursday afternoon not hazardous. Operations returning to normal
The & Indy Wine Fest is coming up on Friday, March 2nd. We'll have 12 fabulous wines for you to sample!
The Sultan of Swing retired the bat on this day in 1935. Do you know who that was?
I'm trying to be better than I was yesterday.
Republicans aren't going to applaud the idea of more American jobs? Honest to God? Wow.
Looking for music engineers in Miami area if u know how to mix in protools holla at me!
Can you turn that shit up for me right now?
my hair disagrees.
U can go your own way
Gracias primo. My videos are still in post production but I'm hoping to get some stuff online very soon!
BOSSPROOF PROPAGANDA THE MIXTAPE!!!!! IS IN THE WORKS....
i have my first day of school tomorrow . wish me luck ?
you can fedex overnight my and new iPad. I'll DM my account info. kthxbai!
This project is so dang frustrating -_-"
Why do people cheat with RECKLESS looking individuals ?????? -_-
baby ily so much my mum is fucked up and please please forgive me i miss and love you and you mean the whole universe 2 me x
Conway Twiddie stuck in my head...
Romney's wife "I don't consider myself wealthy." Really? Well give it to me - I'll surely consider myself wealthy & give my first 10 2 God
thanks LH you have a nice bio yourself. You owe half your pay cause I called you the mitten and that's we're you began to ball :)
Dr drew is freakin creepy looking nowadays
I know. It's annoying!
I guess at some point you start to run out of team names ...
WE LOVE U TOO! So much fun tonight & can't wait to c u all again SOON!
that's why I'm proud to be an American
So good!! I just finished #Mockingjay. Please tell me when you finish so we can discuss. Ha I will hold my tongue until then..
Happy New Year can't wait to see what you guys bring to 2011!
It is not at all unusual for a moderate become family to go into debt because of illness in that family. [1943]
ahh is that their Nutella pizza? Looks amazing!
Dudley "Dooney" Dooley's daddy if a cotton pickin' chicken pluckin' pickle packin' pepper popper who skims the skum off the vinegar vat.
Fancy! RT : OMG! will get a SHOUT in 5hrs when #RamonWOW takes the stage in Sydney, Australia
My mom the only person that says "alright you gonna need me for somethin" when you don't do what she want
Watching punk'd.
iOS backups, temp space while transcoding audio, and other as yet unidentified files keep eating all available disk space.
Have a super day everyone. Right now, I'm tying up one project so another can be started ... anyone figure out that cloning process yet?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from SoloPiano.com!
I didn't reply to the first hey, so sending it again is so gonna make me text back.
The greatest thing from talking with mom today is that I found out dad was the one who gave me the name Katie. :)
Of course, I've got hope. What the hell else would I have, dumb dumb? RT John Fox era starts with hope vs. Raiders on MNF...
ohh! I got my wallflip outside! I tweaked my ankle Thursday so I won't be able to do angel drops til next week outside
14360 ciera, poway. Give guard at gate address. Arrive 10 early and drive around 2 check out neighborhood
Watching "Torch Song Trilogy" and my heart is breaking.
Nothing really good on tonight. Modern family tomorrow! Can't wait for terra nova and I'll watch new girl I guess. #2brokegirls was awesome
I'm #bored. entertain me
seeks Pioneer level sponsors committed to $6k pa for 3yrs & seeks Partner level sponsors committed to $3k pa for 3yrs
Rookie of the Year is on HBO. This is an instant watch for anyone born in the 80's.
WE'RE GOING INTERNATIONAL!
Omg! love !! so happy right now!:)
Really enjoyed #ib4 last night - my first one! Great interactions and lots of good people to follow. Looking forward to ib5!
Excited to follow these tweeters! #WhatMakesYouTweet?
#spuarespace..if we win we will donate it to a starving student :) (shameless plea, we never win anything)
Dear retailers, make more money: put sticky tape next to gift paper. Make an extra buck or two that way.
thank u for lovin us like u do :)
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Kim, my wife and I will miss you. So poorly handled!
Awesome love your finds! Sorry about the sun burn.. ouch!
It doesn't matter how old or how gangster you are, if a toddler hands you a toy phone, you answer that shit.
Ever wondered why the people on those TV makeover shows never seem to get dirty on the job site? Me too...
That's the SF music festival.
Come to think of it, I don't actually know what happened in 1012. Im a bad Euro historian. Either that or it was a boring yr
Oh I miss Ginuwine & his videos!
Teaching myself to be more Girly & lady like :/
Check it out, Dico. :Lakers GC described app hearing impaired can download to get closed captioning for PA.
Stock market in Q4: "Europe has a plan"...stocks rise. Next day "turns out that plan sucks" ...stocks crash. Rinse and repeat.
lol where at i just washed mine
Scary movie 2 is better then the first
#FF First class women from who made my visit to #tmtdu2012 phenomenal. Let's gettem goin on #twitter!
Great seeing you again tonight: ALOHA!
You're going to want to watch KPDX at 8pm for #ORElection results... our FOX 12 Political Analyst Tim Hibbitts is going to call it first.
Try listening to The Fray and not fall asleep. Seriously. I dare you
Won our last kickball game--play offs next week! Sad to see the season ending, though.
Looking to have fruitful Friday
I’ve told you where I stand. Now it’s time for members of Congress to do the same.”—President Obama on the
thanks for the follows #teamfollowback #ifollowback stay tuned
Shake yo money maker
Oh, that is the worst! I type mine in Word just so I have a backup. Our system sometimes doesn't save or shuts down w/o saving.
It's as good as it sounds. :)
RT : Oh, I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
Live This Thursday Night
Let's go, beat OSU
thanks for the FF love.
Yay! Makes me feel special inside.
5 minutes to compress a file, not too shabby. Probably would've taken an hour a few years ago
dominican swagger ;)
Morgan Freeman said the way to stop racism is to quit talking about it. I think sexism is the same.
Two good rides in Oelwien IA this weekend, Great pics but AT&T sucks so they will upload on the ride/drive home when my phone works again.
Only a mediocre writer is always at his best. -- W. Somerset Maugham
Not feelin so good today..hoping tomorrow will be better :/
If it were easy everyone would be doing it-------->
Yeah, once I retired from teaching I thought it time to "rethink" Teacher Unions. Can rethink SS and Medicare too when I"m dead.
"don't let me text him tonight"
Yes. Found the pots at the craft store. Me=dipshit.
S/O Headkick ko. It's showtime 69 sec
classic (x
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
It's the nice-girl tour no more: She went on vacation with Urszula and Agnieszka Radwanska. She got hugs and relationship advice out ...
Working on the web layout for new Pocket Shot Energy! This is going to be an amazing ride.
Check out our www.purevolume.com/thedares for more songs you can't find anywhere else
Life will always be filled with twists and turns and ups and downs... It is how we choose to handle them that makes us who we are...
Foo Fighters tonight, Mastodon tomorrow, Aesop Rock on Thursday. SOLID!
Nobody has ever measured, even poets, how much a heart can hold.
dam rite #CeNation family is the best cant wait until this monday on raw
I love the watch!
Happy Saturday! Time to do some shopping for some new kicks for vaca.
Saw Dream House with my friends. One #Confusing Movie! But i got it.
.. how your grandma look lol...
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers
Good luck to all Bills Rookies starting minicamps today
Dayumm straight #march25 RT : RT:“: All #Aries are born bad to the bone.”
I hate it when people say they're going to kill themselves... It literally BREAKS my heart... </3
Ducks need pep talk. Crowd needs one, too. Autzen hasn't been this dead since, well, forever. Not the fans fault, but the energy's down.
One year after Health Care Reform and the premiums for my small business have gone DOWN
He won't need to score this much it would be nice but not realistic. It's on Wade and LeBron plain and simple.
why don't you ever respond to my tweets or my Facebook comments? You mean jerk
ONE DIRECTION ARE IN NYC!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! WHAT DO I DO WITH ALL THESE FEELS?
Yes!! This is when I think I need an agent.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring
True that...lol
I'd <3 2 work w/ the best in the game
Just heard some a out a Jill Scott block party with Kem and Dougie Fresh please be a weekend I wanna go! Even in another city.
with a true Bob Dole moment referring to himself in the third person.
I wonder who her clients were?
Okay! I'm Too excited! I meant Best Dressed is
Even if that guy literally imbibed the alcohol, I still think McNulty could drink him under the table lol.
It's 1thing to admit u did stupid things as a youth & to realize it was stupid. It's another 2 laugh about them as adult. Shame on u Romney
enjoying a sunny day
Well, I just haven't gone to any of those "bride events" an expo would overwhelm me, but this twitter chat sounds good.
Who doesn't these days? :P
Thanks for the RT!
same thing. Did I say triple A? I meant the IronPigs.
Um y haven't Text me.
A job search can make you want to just go sell beer in Cancun, so it’s alt-ack! week. I’ll tweet friends' fav fantasy jobs #altack!
Ding! RT : I think grading the #NFL Draft is like grading the entire Space Shuttle mission just after it clears the launchpad
i wasnt completely alone. im ...i dont even know how to explain...
- what's on the training agenda for this gorgeous weekend?!
Watching peewee practice and a kid just tried the #Kane superman goal
Locked in the studio
A lucky rabbits foot is not lucky, it is a decoy given by Satan to thank a foot rather than God for our blessings.
Chapter 1: Crazy
Follow>>>>>> a great young graphic designer
Let me know if you want another quitters-sporting drinker to pop over and eat whatever you're mixing.
The first bout goes to Travis Thaxton, who defeated Kyle Johnson 2:58 Round One from TKO Strikes
Love how jealous dudes call me restricted to threaten me but they arent smart enough not to tell me who they are when I ask LMAO
Awesome! So glad yall were in! “ 1st #GAAD was truly amazing. We participated in #SanDiego SemWeb Meetup" Thanks !
two things. Storage unit is a go? And I'm gonna miss you i never said bye ms espana!
Even the stars look brighter tonight nothing's impossible <3 Depeche Mode day.
Are you still watching fringe? Tonight is gonna be sweet!
is officially in the studio!
if u got one ready jus email me the song wit a space for me on it or send the beat and we can make it happen
streets are even flooded. It's a storm. Not just rain.
Doing well! Summer is on the way i better see you! RT : lol just waiting for the summer to get here! how about you?!
No Matter Who You Love ... It Is So Simple .. A Feeling But Its Everything
he said I had pretty hair. when it's long it's pretty when it's short I'm sir.
Big week at #Chicago United Center this week. Wednesday Bulls game, then UFC on Fox Weigh-ins and Fights Friday and Saturday!!
new blackberry ! hey hey
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
Need Beats?Contact us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
Received my dog's #Thundershirt in the mail today. He looks so adorable in it! Hoping it helps with his anxiety. *Fingers crossed*
Hey Brittney - congrats on your Playboy Cover! We're so happy for you. Take care - Nick & Alex
Master Chief wouldn't make it on Helgast though.
Just thought I'd let this be known :)
Send me an address and Ill send you one.
I know it's the anti-cool, but I still love, love, love "Rollin' With Kid n' Play." Gets me going in the morning ...
What is your favorite E-Mail Promotion service?
So here I am with the rest of the world watching El Clasico! Another day gone due to futbol but who's complaining! El Madridistas!!
Happy Mom's Day to all you moms. Hope you all get a nap! I could use one. c
where you at bro?
> luck !! Just look at the stats people
In the studio today recording a good ole drum cover of The Contortionist. Fun stuff.
WHOA! #RIT hockey fans got their monies worth tonight! GO #TIGERS!
OMG. My husband, Ryan is obsessed with !!!
Aw thx! ": Support and follow my girl First all black female band (that I know of anyway). I'm so proud of her."
what's the best way besides social media to get the word out about a new product or brand??
Enchancers Love Lisa! We should trend that! Come on everyone!!!
I love you :)
On a binge of classical music lately - Tchaikovsky, Rachmaninov, some Chopin...
I'm good at helping with physical pain, not emotional. I can defend when I need to and offend when I need to. But I can't help with emotions
Listening to "You're the Best" theme song from Karate Kid right now with & -- wish you were all here.
we #adore both you two #wonderful young ladies! #cantwait to shoot RT : love ya too mama! Muah!
did brock fired?
Going to church tomorrow morning with my classmates.
No you wont! Don't say that!
This GM search needs to end soon. This is the 3rd time has taken the card board cutout of Pat Gillick to bathroom with him today.
Hello to all DYNPR new followers!!!!!
Not feeling to hot. Think I'll take a nap
I can't wait to graduate so I can delete all the faggots I hate off of Facebook without feeling awkward seeing them the next day.
“: Q: What do you think is behind some Americans' fear of Islam? All of my Muslim friends are nice as they DO NOT apply real Islam.
dude ....my phone aint letting me call no one...wtf....hold up
Dear Magazines, please stop insulting me w "offer" to renew for $20 for being a good customer & then offer new subscribers a $12 rate
": Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis."
Pa what up
Valid like salad (:
for both the audience and the company/artists?
It's way too nice of a night for all this fuckery.
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.” <U+2015> Lou Holtz
I look for usage information in man pages first. When it's not there I guess how the software works. When that fails I read the man page.
love u too
It is not just DO DO DO. It is not just BE BE BE. It is DO-BE-DO-BE-DO. Amit Goswami
#RT FOR A BUG FAT SHOUTOUT, I FOLLOWBACK MUST BE FOLLOWING.
31st ANNUAL CURTAIN UP! 2012 is FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 14. (for those who really like to get a start on things :)
Follow the LJ/SLJ Virtual Summit EBOOKS: THE NEW NORMAL on #ebksmt, and keep up with specific library tracks on #acad, #pub and
": How bout dem G-Men???" So excited for ! What a game!
thats what i thought my friend said it wasnt lol
Yes! I think you are pretty awsome too!
yes i just hope i passed
wish I was coming to to see you! thanks for following!
Have you read The Professor and the Madman?
RT I like Zooey Deschanel & Sam Jackson but more impressive demonstration of SIRI's capabilities would be to use Ozzy Osbourne
Looking forward to being back in Atlanta on Friday!
Ohh.. have you bought their album?:)
Wow thanks so much for keeping us in mind during your travels! Please fill us in on your travels when you have a chance
I know of no more encouraging fact than the unquestionable ability of man to elevate his life by conscious endeavor. ~ Henry David Thoreau
Focus on the next play, because you can't change the past. But you can make the next play the best play of your career.
Takin my gf to penn so she can see how much it sucks lol
I just call Best Buy Geek Squad and say 'Help' :-)
all of his songs have a great depth about them. I know its really random but I have listened to not alone the last 2 nights.
It's only 5PM and we're already getting excited for #SMASH tonight. UMA!
Newt... Pls shut up and go away!
awwe how cute :) im glad you're are going after all or else i would've had to dragged your ass with us haha
": Lol, don't go there! You know what I mean!! " === Yea I know what you mean but what can I say I'm a Wild Boy
If you watch Jaws backwards, it's a film about a shark who throws up so many people, they have to open up a beach
How was your roots trip?
hope you had your tape line on point! Thanks for the FB post mane
Oh snap. RT : Congrats to Lebron James for getting engaged. His fiance now leads the family with 1 ring.
burned 187 calories doing 25 minutes of "Dancing, aerobic, ballet or modern, twist"
eeeew Cueto! Reds are looking solid so far
tomorrow we could go to the first ever hooters when the game is over.
It's damn near 5 in the morning and I'm up having a conversation with Siri -_- I'm THAT bored!
Have you seen my stapler?
how's the HR biz today ?
either - just looking for one of those "can't put this book down" page turners! Hoping the 4 hour flight goes by fast.
Incubus and Linkin Park...one concert....Jebus that will be orgasmic!!!!
Doors are opening
Pretty sure I dominated my ARH 329 final. One more final next Wednesday and I'll be done with my sophomore year of college.
Hey there Hot Stuff!
No nail biting as polishes boom
I downloaded a random speed dating app but these old men kept tryna hit me up so i deleted it
True, but hate is hate, whether it's passing laws or "shoving a bible up" someone's backside. A true Christian loves all...
please follow (:
I hope my gift is awesome
glad you found it!
thanks man, we'll need some babysitters!
Yes! I believe in #MKE & young profs R engaged @ policy lvls even if it's not their day job!
why don't you shut up about it!!!
Hey, don't look at me.
It all depends man! Shoot me an Email if your interested at
62 pets have been adopted in our 24/7 Adoption Event with 36 hours to go! Help us reach our goal of finding homes for 200 pets!...
also had a weird and scary dream again. :(
Cheeeee back from san jose now bbq with my honey, my keiki, kiana and kai...fun times
i'm all good bro, love the ass
now that I have my keys back! :D
uploading youtube vid, please stay seated
Cody Temple excited about the move from OL to Defensive Tackle.
Wilders: on BBC he said that UK trip =pt of a series (next wk Italian plmt, then US senate, etc) Only the UK has deemed him 'dangerous'
Woahhh. Just realized how close Halloween is. What do you think each of us should be?
happy bday bro....we all gon be 21 soon time flies
Hey and I think that should perform this summer at
I feel like I didn't even sleep last night
my blankets are in my floor too.
Mention twitter to your server and receive a FREE calamari appetizer!!
Happy Mother's Day to my Mom and to all mothers out there!
must be nice...
Show tomorrow night Doors open at 7pm, $7 cover. Come out and show us your support!
Today is the perfect day to sit outside and read a great book! As a child, what was your favorite book?
But the only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
don't forget the plumbing! the plummmbinnnng!!!
"What you seek is seeking you. <U+2015> Rumi”
lol whatever it is I'm sure it was awesome
Do or do not, there is no try. Yoda, Empire Strikes Back
Its not on tv here. How does the playmate sitting behind homeplate look?
Lol my #Lakers about to wake up just you wait ;)
RT : RT : Let GM Promotions help take you to the top! Email for questions! www.GMPromo.net
#20ThingsAboutMe: Every time I ride a dirtbike, I always fall atleast once
The real cause of the economic crisis? The institutions we have trusted to protect our interests since America began decided not to.
It's alright with me, ! Can't wait to see you #bringit at !
Our acting group continues to inspire me with their dedication to working at our craft. Great commercial auditions last night!
Up and headed into the office at 7.
Incredible day at AAUW MKE distributing $38,000 in scholarships, including one to a member
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep. --E. Joseph Cossman
RT : Happy Birthday Minnesota! It was on this date in 1858 when #Minnesota became the 32nd state in the Union.
No worries about age--thank you!
thanks Bob.. I think we're going to have a great crowd this weekend. I hope things are going well with you!
Russ well it's just hard to tweet when my nails are wet :p
Thanks! You too. The holidays never seemed sweeter :D
As mentioned at the Studio and in the Newsletter - this weekend is... the Final Student Performance of Solo Flamenco!
yippey, i figured it out! it works, cool! Doesn't if feel great to figure out something that was once complicated, but now ur a genius?! :)
freaking amazing dude. Soak it up!!!!
Thanks for checking in! Let us know if we can do anything for you. Happy Monday! :)
Is this the start of the party for the Party Starter?
Damn you autocorrect! Sorry bout that last tweet/post - It's my last DAY at work this week. Hello, Thur-Friday! (at , having fun)
For all the less-than-positive things I've heard about Amazon lately, I just had the BEST customer service experience with them! Yay!
I think that 98 % of the people online marketing are in it with their hand in your pocket .What do you think?Looking forward to your thoughs
Can't wait to see the New York Post tomorrow.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my little bro
Hey there I can get some food to you. I am catering coordinator downtown! .
Thanks man!
so great, right??
Funny, I just posted this link about 10 seconds after you!
Time to get training for the holidays! Normal ipods can't handle the sweat. Waterfi's Can!! Use coupon code "sweatproof" saves you $12.
ALWAYS PUBLISH YOUR MUSIC. Publishing is where a lot of the money is in the music industry.
Alex Gonzalez has been Bettancourt-esque at the dish tonight
30 mins left to try and win...
#oclc manages top level domains on purl.org. the process involves human moderation. if you want one, you apply and... wait ;)
": It has been scientifically proven that the less you know, the more you think you know." I could give you a few names!
#ff did not know. Fascinating history
Hello how are you? follow me
#np charlie brown
- bonus: is also on the twitters. :)
That awkward moment when your sarcasm is so advanced people actually think you are stupid.
damn, I have no idea. Most of my friends don't watch it lol
I will DM Justin and ask him to follow you:)
#LifeOfAnAthlete! ;) RT : Going to watch a movie til I fall asleep.. Early cardio and training. Goodnight everyone! xoxo
I could never stay of twitter if wanted too haha. :)
Latinas are the best who don't like latinas?
Android Player SDK for #BlackBerry #PlayBook is announced at #DevCon. (Applause)
Why is this strawberry milkshake giving me a tummy ache?? =(
Oh no I wanna watch Glee tomorrow but I wanna watch the Yankee game :(
you're never gonna fit in much, kid.
Mtg underway now at #CV city hall re: potential mandatory spay/neuter ordinance. Another one Sat. Oct. 29 at 9 a.m.
Google Buzz's displayed Top Stories "How Facebook Breeds Jealousy"....#Buzz not-so-subtle campaign war?
Rain Rain go away, I want to spank the Yanks today.
i fall too fast,crash too hard forgive too easy,and care too much
I live u Madison follow me it will mean alot plzzzzz!!!;)
31 degrees outside. 60 in my room !!!'
You can be my it girl!
The alcohol inks seem to be lasting on rougher textured metal charms. On very polished silver charms ink can be mostly rubbed off with cloth
And we're all anxious to play the crap out of your current project.
Oh good new. Strokes to Henry from his Twitter friends.
is that a sucker or a jawbreaker? Looks like you might of lost a tooth with that bite.
not much, hbu?
lost my best guy friend. just randomly he texts me that he doesnt want to be friends.
HAHAHHAHA oh defiantly <U+E312><U+E11B><U+E105><U+E00E>
I would be with you every second of every day.
I I I Will Battle For The Sun!
Got my nails done with :3
i seriously cant anymore.
Very disappointed - not responding to my emails and taking my money without any respect to helping my issue. :-( Sad.
Grind hard and just live fast
Damn strick schools. Burn in grneejig! RT ... ugh stupid teachers my school is WAY to strick ,. grneejig
Love it! MT #leagueofsuperheroes RT Can I start a nonprofit with all these amazing young profs? ISNgen
ALREADY GET RIGHT SO THAT YOU CAN MAKE IT TO MY SHOOT @ OQUA LOUNGE SAT. 5-7.
Pancakes, indeed. {Pass the maple syrup.}
RT : im keeping u in my prayers,hope u feelbetter soon <3
A soul train just happened. Oh Nola.
now i'm looking at the horses! Daddy Long Legs and Daddy Nose Best are related. I assume Daddy Nose Best is the cokehead horse.
I Wish Money Would Have Sex N My Pocket N Multiply $$$
What are you celebrating?
Exciting things to help me through the next 5 weeks: 's graduation, a trip to Portland, planning
"For merely listening to the law doesn't make us right with God. It is obeying the law that makes us right in his sight." Romans 2:13
Feel like listening to some good music right now, any suggestions ?
Can u imagine the issues...“: Ever thought about Bering Sea Gold, take guys out on boat & find nuggets?! #goldrush”
Moderator asks if athletics is part of a higher education. says it is, just that #CFB itself is flawed.
Not gonna be able to watch YouNow today :'(
My position as Director of Communications for Cm. Clarkson will soon be available. If qualified and interested, email
#keepintouch with the old thoughts and RIP'S that keep us going
what? where:D
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Glad to know is a member of #SigmaNu fraternity! Well done, my Greek brother, from a #DeltaZeta fan!
History RT : what is your specialty?
We're so sad to miss you. Live vicariously thru our tweets, and we'll re-live #MarcusThomas75 when we see you this summer.
Yes, figured it out eventually
me too, but for different reasons I'm sure
J-Lo release party tonite! !
i really dnt wear these
Monday, womp womp wompppp. We hope you all had a great weekend!
You guys were absolutely AMAZING tonight! Thanks so much for coming out to ETSU! Come back to JC soon! :)
You're welcome! :D
Syracuse zone!!!smh...Saw kids play their hearts out 2day in tourn!
Congrats to Operation Oliver! They received a governor's Volunteer Service Award yesterday for their great work!
Aaayyyeee lol RT : dark skin pretty face,coke bottle waist
Hey are you workin camp???????
Consumers abandon prepaid wireless carriers, WSJ reports
I'm goin out full hipster tonight.. You'd be so proud lol
There's the Don Draper we all know & love
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 5
Working the 1pm Brewer Playoff game tomorrow : join me for $2 rails and domestic taps!
SquE-Z me once shame on no one, because thats what your suppose to do!
I still have 4 more days to make you sick of wontons. Wait for it. It'll come.
Ha! Amazing.
Will Def Check Out Idiot Abroad ... The Title Alone Is Intriguing
Thank goodness!
Redneck Word of the Day: RECTUM. I had two nice 4 wheelers until I rectum!
Please, keep tweeting about your ap exams. Your tweets really convey the utter disgust you have about an exam you chose to take/pay for.
Thank you for the mention!
hopefully saturday night ill be alert and have sunday off. pray for it
Social House Tomorrow night!!!! Setup your reservations thru me and you'll get 50% off your bill on Wednesday Night! 7027506103
#relationships Take a moment and share a kind thought with your partner . . .
Great meeting you at #NassWV2011 was excited speaking with you!
What are the #Broncos chance of making the Super Bowl now that Peyton will be the new man under center?
": o no that sucks" ya but I'm a ninja & figured a way back in. Lol. How are u?
Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
well you me and have to figure out a day!
GO PACK GO! GREENBAY PACKERS BABY!
Heat don't have dynamic players off the bench. Only role players.
DISCOUNTS FOR DONATIONS is happening @ the Verizon Wireless store @ Bayshore Mall from November 12th-21st. Bring a non-perishable food item.
ever come to Maine and play? Couple awesome courses !
Follow us and receive great deals on our products as well as really innovative items coming soon.
Heading to the gym with my twin sister. Boy, this weight training is kicking my butt.
Jamie #Moyer has 268 wins: 37 of those wins at the Oakland Coliseum. 25 at the Roman Coliseum.
Thank you!
I utilize the twisosphere 4 marketing our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
You will! Hang in there!
My picture with the President is on the front page of the #LansingStateJournal!
The apathy of Blk folk is absolutely painful to watch. But, non existent sentiments of white folk is borderline sadistic.
412-915-8408! It would be a great surprise for my husband David. Triple dog dare yah!
So I'm all like "what the hell is on tv on a Sunday morning?" and then it's all "I give you a no honk guarantee. " excellent.
Honesty is the hardest but most beautiful thing next to forgiveness.
some things never change old friend. Miss you! xoxo
Doing a programming booth at Summerfest would be much work. Are we serious? Should we meet to talk?
88% lean meat patties partner.
"Actions are the seed of fate deeds grow into #Destiny." - Harry S. Truman #HappyPayItFowardDay!
Someone needs to create an index of things cool and digital. It is NOT Google -- Google upside down (inside out?). A Dewey Digital System?
hey cutie ;)
Recession hits home. Looking for freelance and/or something more. Need Flash design/programming? Website design? Gig posters? DM me!
Looking forward to NFL Playoffs this weekend! #nflplayoffs can't wait.
A girls smile is her sexiest curve.
Doing well. can't complain... I just went out and got a few of your products...
you wasnt even gone tell me uy changed ur twitter name.. worst cousin
There should be priorities.
When I Need Anna The Most She's Not There ... -__-
Craving some Colton's rolls. Bring me some <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Drinking zeke's coffee, eating good food and cuddling up with some good plays with . What could be better?
they still bitter that he didn't pick NY lol
wondering if today will be the day that all 70 public computers are in use at once - and what will happen
Second Show tonight at Club Gemini with and going to be fun
Warren's beard is 3/4 back.
Getn money friday. Spend it saturday is tomma. And swangn sunday is comn soon....mad monday tha day afta
count me in!
Well then.. I'm down!
A sleep and a wake-up, and then we buy a house. Except I'm not sure I can sleep tonight.
no what is that? because it sounds awesome :)
sorry, not going to make it :( Cinco de Mayo festivities!
But when people make a "stop smoking cigarettes" commercial, they look worse and they look like they've been ruined. & its not illegal
welcome to twitter, Jane...
Ha, that's hilarious.
We are looking forward to connecting and reading your tweets!
Return on expectation is about the executive conversation not just the report. But what are the distinguishing characteristics?
why why why cant i be a nice bitch why
Estee Lauder uses ratings and reviews to be deployed into other channels and use them to go from products to stories
My best friend>
I need to get out of this house as soon as possible.
you deserve it! And I can't wait to see your cool new haircut.
No shy Ronnie on last night's SNL. Very disappointed. Eli was great, though.
#evernoticed how great sex is when your having it with someone you truly LOVE
idk getting under the influence somewhere.. I'm prob gonna get a room to crash at after I'm done partying.
i get bored easily.!
I would snitch non in my life
In Houston!!! And we totally look like we don't know what we're doing.
Thought I was getting pretty comfortable playing on "Countdown," then I checked out Mehldau's versions. Back to the shed...
The awkward moment when you walk into the bathroom and see urinals O.o
A CHECK LIKE MINES NO TALK STRI8 SMASHING #
Damn people who lie but just are afraid to admit it . haha . im sorry but your a low life scum no one likes .
nope I'll email him today about it though.
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... the dollar store is selling your favorite candy at three for a dollar.
#Dontyouhatewhen you wake up from a dead sleep thinking you lost your wallet and have to find it so you can go back 2 sleep in peace
": Chad why aint you following me yet lol" ha, sorry bro. I'm on it.
“: If you bite my lip or neck, you better start taking your f**king clothes off. Just Saying!”
SPRING BREAK HAS STARTED BETCH!!!!!!! u better come over tomorrow!
Drank too much yesterday.
Rachel: hopefully everything turns out ok for you and your child. Hope it's not appendicitis. Wishing you all the best.
Follow ur boy hutch back ya dig?
Let the dog out of the vagina so she can pee
are you sure about that
we finally droppin next month.... release date will be soon
Just cause you're single doesn't mean you can't be happy!
Oh I have a question... Can I DM u?
Angsty teen I against middle-aged dad I.
I'm trying to see where my bro is so I can get the car and get one
I regret that my plans have changed and I will not be visiting Austin during SXSW. Sorry to miss hanging with you guys.
Joggin Heavy soakin up a tan for awhile and then it ends up stormin after .
Don't wait to be happy to laugh... You may die and never have laughed
Interesting! This has been an informative chat :) Glad I asked
and you deserve the greatest! Thank you, friend!
Today it seemed that one of my friends was annoyed with me????. Wonderinq what I did...... :/
My dad is getting around with his cane now...and getting a haircut!
thanks for the awesome Kiehl's shirt for the holiday! Sporting it for Chicago's 'gives back night'! Cheers!
thanks for passing along MSU social media catalog page
should prob get your autograph now before you get too famous lmfaoo
I cant even function its so awkward. Omfg.. Hi guys
cant wait to get started on this colla.
If Michael Scott and Holly aired their wedding THAT would be a
Double check for Raji
I'm always sleepy when it's time to go to work.
The reward is so worth it though. and of course I am also here to support also as well as those that love you
I just unfollowed right back.
I adore John Stamos. :)
RT : this weather is perfect. im over working today. and for the week.
HOPE EVERYTHING IS OK BIG BRO...
I know it's spam, but I really want to click on this email from "Fried Chicken Survey."
What is Tyson Chandler doing, I'm going to need for him to grab a rebound and throw that down w/ 2 hands...SMDH
RT : A huge thanks to for porting 's PlayThru to node.js!
and bingo was its name-o! I'm fully arrived. Water under the bridge? Ah shit no, I've got to fly back to Melb.
Ah, that's just as fun. I really want to go to one someday. Have fun!
Bike ride- creeper's trail, virginia- epic! *give PEACE a chance*
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
Shout out to he is a beast at Polevault, good job today man
It appears to be Adam Ross,
It's not hard to meet expenses ... they're everywhere.
& , will you be at the game today? Look for who is our game tickets winner!
cant get a hand to save my pro golfing career!
Great video. Very creative. Thanks!
it's possible to learn to type pretty darn fast on the iPad. Just takes practice.
Everyone in my house asleep but me. Hm, what to do, what to do...
Nothing good ever trends. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
u r and pfft
Long weekend.. Time to catch my z's !!!!!!!! Work early!
Welcome #AIMSPLP to Looking forward to sharing in your accomplishments and learning with you today!
The eyes're just a product of a "My Little Pony Filter" I insist on being used on all my photos. AND you made me cry, Hill.
Might stay with him, though I guess I would need to talk to him first. Also depends on $$.
the city's freedom festival's fireworks just started and I'm laying in bed. what a loser.
I never understood why women talk about guys, but in actuality they worse than them...
?? Oh that's right, I guess? Jack D got me all fucked up
Great time at the opening party tonight!
Go follow she follow back,!
It smells like a zoo in the boys bathroom
Thanks Adam, have a great rest of your weekend!
just got asked to prom in such a cute way!!! Ohmygosh(: jealous
LOL...you're DUMB!!
I cannot believe it's March and we just enjoyed an outdoor party wearing shorts. Thanks and thank you Atlanta!
Oh yeah! This was awesome! I didn't have my camera out. Took some pictures today that I'll publish asap
I'm so psyched. A burial ground is following me!
np. Also, the astars collab is sick. Keep up the great work.
This. Fucking. Weekend.
that's a bold statement, even when referring to me
Get any projects accomplished this weekend? After a refreshing weekend, we are back here in the office and ready to serve you!
Earlier today, a kid gave me a ring made of play-doh. He said it was for me to be always feel happy! It's working so far...
A good name is sooner lost than won. <U+3088><U+3044><U+8A55><U+5224><U+3092><U+5F97><U+308B><U+306E><U+306F><U+96E3><U+3057><U+3044><U+304C><U+5931><U+3046><U+306E><U+306F><U+65E9><U+3044><U+3002>
follow me i follow you back how does that sound to you ?
oh Damn :O okayokay, we'll talk about all that later. ill call you later on today ! or tomorrow for sure !
Air conditioning Restaurant Refrigeration Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs.
Im next, if you cant see that then i have other choice but to assume that your blind.
Doesn't matter if I'm thin or fat, long hair or short, or what I'm wearing. It happens with some regularity.
I love you, love you, love you, love you, love yoou, I love you *sings*
RT if you have a job
Dear French people - God you make good pastries
ha ha ha another disgruntled heat fan ha ha ha
sorry for the late reply, still new on twitter. yes we do raw scans & yes we can do a lot more!email for more
The problem with Corporate America is that they live quarter to quarter. Long-term investment and strategy is a rare occurrence today.
how long?
Not that famous but looking forward to lunch at the new location today!
working on silkscreen t-shirts and embroidered golf shirts.
Figaro in Barber of Seville needed. Ours must leave as his stepdad has stage 4 lung cancer and is now in the hospital
Clouds and drizzle will dissipate throughout the day. Highs in the mid 40's. Temps will be back in the mid 50's tomorrow.
Sat night treehouse. Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
Any guess who will be returning punts tomorrow? Should be a lot of action for whoever it is...
Kudos to Community Board 12 and Scott Stringer for caring about removing horrible "pink slime" in our school lunch meat!
Only 13 days left of Red November!
check out I'm addicted to their deals! For real. Great outdoor adventuring stuff. And credit me if you buy anything!
Made a bed on the couch to enjoy the
!!! You win a free jar of our Ear Cleansing Cloths cause every dog needs clean ears!
yo homie! you bout ready for another song?
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Wanna see my Prison Tattoo? It's really nice.
I'm trying to find someone willing to pay 200 to go with me lol
Question 2 ask yourself 2day: how are u going 2 get out of ur comfort zone & take risks? Don't be scared & don't be shy
respect Papa Chop
don't expect much, matt :-)
The lake smells salty
You were fake i was great nothing personal. Never get sick of that line.
thats always been my secret pervy fantasy. A Bieber threesome with Juju and Jeremy ;) DEAD!
can't go see Austin in New York anymore because my mom says im a selfish bitch.
Who will be in Las Vegas this weekend?
Boogie is gettin' it done!
Welcome back to the Randy Moss. Signed a deal with the tonight.
#DancerProblems Having costumes all over your room.
“: nigga you don't know what I'm doing... You got Saturday school?” no I'm home bored
I <3 hats! When I rock them or when other people rock them. Thanks lady on the train rocking the awesome black hat. Its fabulous!
no he wasnt. he did a lot
apparently. I stopped after the first episode.
Another bus adventure. Hope it ends well & wish I had a car.
i can't get you out of my head
Oh!lol that's BAD!
Glad I'm not the only one...
Hi! Oh...sounds good right now! I've been carrot cake with cream cheese frosting!
#IfItWasUpToMe Count Chocula and Boo Berry would #ComeOutToPlay on Safeway shelves twelve months a year
wonderful tweet! Thank you!
Next trip is to Foxwoods for the 1200 main event in may. Who's gonna be there?
Fabio does not defeat the old spice guy!
on #Leadership - When are liars, lying? Not a stellar week in politics: Blago, Weiner, Edwards
Omfg Jack's like great guys who invited Alex omfg I'm dying
Katy Perry/SnoopDogg to be sued 4 Copyright Infringement & theft of the Simon Thunder 2008 song "Cali(fornia) Girl" Stay tuned 4 details
I use my pendulum to get yes and no answers from my spirit guides about all types of questions.
Enjoying the time off between semesters :)
Lol... Lowkey it was her decision to make anyway
Tired need a nap! Can't take one though b/c teachers like to give me homework b/c they think I don't have a life outside of school smh -__-!
West Virginia: WV House OK's bill to allow liquor sampling
I don't think you want mine either haha
You can go back in time and see The Beatles, Led Zeppelin or Queen (the bands that got the most responses today) live. Which do you pick?
Daft Punk + cleaning = way more done! :)
Hunger games
- Joss is so easy to love.
S/o to our new followers!!!! Company's, artists, labels, models and candidates! We welcome all networking opportunities!
Which school?
RT : agreed! We need to teach our students how to authentically reflect on their work.
So, so jealous.
Oh man. On a tour bus. Dude from opening band is trying so hard. World is insane.
Dear , "Copy With Reference" is one of the greatest things ever invented. Thanks! Love, Me in #LawSchool paper-writing mode.
my former therapist Fikisha is moving, but still in Indy, will be at Keystone @ the Xing M. Envy. She's very good, too.
im starting to enjoy airbrushing :)
Content is King and Engagement is Queen. - Mari Smith
Thanks for your support... Your bracelets are too cute!
Sanctus real is my new love. Especially daniel. <3
thanks for following!
Thanks, for the #FF David.
My roommate for the night at orientation is ok!
Laura Palmer's diary, Feb 23, 1989: "Tonight is the night that I die. I know I have to because it's the only way to keep BOB away from me...
As spoiled as Pittsburgh fans are (super spoiled), I will be rooting for them tonight. Have Pens vs. Canucks in Cup Finals with Pens winning
Your hidden content engine
Thanks, Wesley! I do miss my friends there, I should have added. You won't believe the stories I have to tell. Beers, yes.
You would. ;D. What are you doing this summer?!
Your life is your life. Know it while you have it. You are marvelous. The gods wait to delight in you.
Ask new members for feedback after they join they club. Encourage them to just talk! You learn so much about what they need.
Should have never reactivated my facebook for those 5 minutes.
the fact that my couch has a heater and massagers in it beats anything
Decided against patronizing a business because they used Homestead to create their site.
I wonder how many times #Santorum touched up his ashes....
361: Every year, the Kennedy Center Honors make me so thankful for the performing arts and the richness they add to our lives.
LOVE my new pants & ThX 2 those in the SouthBay 4 all your help in finding what I needed!
what who is Nate????
jealous! Mine are far from blooming. But took day off work to
you look amazing!! Can't wait til the magazine comes out!!! Xo
Sunburnt :) Had an awesome day on the ocean, love our new boat!
ohhhhmmmggg! Yummy! My jelly rolls are proud to be missing out but I'm missing Nashville! Bahaa
Happy birthday George Harrison
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. ~Pablo Picasso
its okay. I don't get mad at all. Of course we're still friends :). Have you watched House Of Anubis?
RT : Im sure The dog gets the gravity of the moment. #Oscars #tweetroast though not as much as a heavier dog would.
yes please ! i can write any other poem except this one hahaha
With your help we raised over $136,000 dollars at A Day for Meta House last week! Thanks SO much for all of your support!
Great article--I love Sherman Alexie.
time to eat this is the first time we eat this late o:
Lives in Florida and has never been to
It's always entertaining to see how other people's drama unfolds.
haha it's so amazing!
Microsoft: Macs 'not safe from malware, attacks will increase' - ZDNet (blog)
Ohh snap!! Another men in black movie coming out
Follow because he's an awesome piece of hair (:
getting ready for #catalyst Dallas. Hmm...what should and I wear so we can blend in? :)
Norwegian Cruise Line Reports Results for First Quarter 2012
dreams of sugar plums danced in my head? More like dreams of sharing a bottle of St. Francis with Peyton Manning.
Yes I know that but didn't know u had 2 unprotect tweets to accept! lol U can protect them again tho, right? :-)
The only reason YOU get away w/ur dating advice is cause you are YOU. Never stick your tongue down a girl's throat that far! Lol.
i wish i was as spoiled as these kids sitting courtside at the Lakers game...
What's going on in Nat today/tonight.
e how exciting!!!!
": #deeznuts RT for for new trend
Taking 30 minutes to shower, Because you like to stand there, under the hot water, just thinking about life..... Anyone else?
SHE RATCHET!!
HAPPY 31 BIRTHDAY!!! HOPE U HAVE THE BEST B-DAY EVER!! <3333 :)
Thanks Helder! When do we see the first episode? (Need more music? Check out )
Treo 650 / 700 Silicone Protective Case (Pink) – Image Brand Best ...
I hope you choke on you bacon tomorrow
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
Departing for RWANDA in t + 36 hours. I'm SO excited to get there!
Not hatin on your other tracks but "AMOROUS" is that deal! - She was way to fly for me, so I tried to grow wings...
What a beautiful day in Boston, 51 and sunny... can't wait to see what the spring will be like!!
I got bad news for ya if u ain't burning lik a eighth of tht loud A DAY. HOMIE U AIN'T DOIN SHIT!! We burning all day over here
Saturday night is all right!
I don't even want to think about that right now..
What are the bulls fans gone do now that d rose is out
I wanna play four square ):
Are we not men?
i dont think im going to sleep tonight.
Great session at #hci federal summit - NASA's next gen workforce up on stage w/ their CHCO, Toni Dawsey - amazing Xers and Millenials!
Y'all shudd tweet me(:
maynard i miss you!
Really annoyed that I can't hear this Gossip stream. >:(
My tl won't load! :(
On a scale of fun, 1=worst, 10=best, the level of fun right now is totes 18. (At Least an 18). Make change indeed. :--D
Good, Stephanie.... Good. Bahahaha
Why the hell am i watching baseball?
Hi! this ? wasn't answered during the chat b/c of the incorrect #. Yes, it's bad. Be prepared with questions!
try the iPad!
i did reply bakk!!:)
Look at your phone...... Now Playing
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. Albert Einstein
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha
awesome yoga workshop huh? See you thursday my friend
Love it! RT #AnimalPrint + #Neon Nail Polish - You CAN nail this look with Zoya #NailPolish! See how here: (cont…
thanks loads!!‹33
#IWantToPunchThePeople who lie to clients, about wanting to help them. They give the rest of us a bad name :/
Good Morning, twitter. Happy Wednesday!
When it's 60 degrees outside the heaters in my building are on; when the weather is in the teens the heaters are off. Good job Lindsay Park.
Yes, it's a big change since when I was there. Very exciting!
Best tweet ever. I would happily start a movement to work from there. The Creamery has nothing on our counters + Awful Awfuls.
you can follow #seahawks FA signee Zach Masch at
he restricted 25/345 D1 programs. I dont love it but still better than cutting a kids schollie, which many do but Bo never has
Working on an assignment & listening to Chester Bennington scream.
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral when im loosing internet connection (wifi) and my message didnt send.
Vegetarians don't hug trees. They eat them.
Eric Wedge's pitchers turned a 7-run lead into a tie game in one inning. Bunch of
hey whats new
punch Ian in the face
That story you've always wanted to see on the big screen is the one you should strive to make, not the one you think will be hot right now.
Aw :) RT She be my fine fine fine lady
Pattie Happy Mother's day you are such an awesome mother ... You are a role model! I love you!
did I get skelled on this league?
speed on pole looking to be what realistically this year? 220.....218?
hey girlfriend text me back?=)
which one is in charge? Dallas.? That's “: Tom actually reminds of Soda Pop “
i told christina already, the girl was hot man
Setting up a new Macbook is the least chore-ish chore there is.
just called "duder". not sure how i feel about that.
I think there is better chance to win the big jackpot tonight!
I'm glad I'm catching the #Syria question. I was hoping to hear their responses.
please keep it to yourself
Rap or rock
Dental Tip: Drink fluoridated water. At least a pint of fluoridated water each day is needed to protect children from tooth decay.
"It's raining! It's pouring! The old man is snoring! He bumped his head, on the side of the bed, and didn't wake up till morning!"
Aunt G now following us on Twitter as
and boom, you just did. Maybe Klout does know what they're doing. :)
nice TV
My thoughts, my dreams, my passions,my desires, my loves...my choice
yes, it's pretty spot on! because, who actually leaves danny's w/o making out with someone?
One more time for the slow mufuggas.... It's HO.
Ever have one of those LONG debugging sessions where the enemy is yourself? Just sayin'
SAD! #RT #Wells #Fargo Has Blood on Its Hands: Desperate Man Commits #Suicide After Shocking #Foreclosure Mistreatment
Yay #GWU good choice! Let's go celebrate next time we are both in town. And, not McFaddins, thank you.
Thank you for the RT!
: Nay. It's lots of work to clean them several times a day. If they get infected, the holes could scar shut and then it's a mess
I still don't understand how the Castronovo'a were "losers" in school.. Da faq
Yes, that was 1 of 2 former places it pointed to, other was Sperryville. Seems to be an ongoing reporting battle here :) 20141
terrified about starting this internship
But you will allways be my boss in my heart!
Thank you, Kellie. Happy Friday
miss you too!! I'm gonna come watch one! I'll call you tonight :) give Bossy kisses for me!!
Seeing at #RCL2012. :')
is that ur brothers
I have to work on my AND 9 Months </3 #grrrrr -__-
that works too.
Post.Concert.Depression #NotFun :'(
The Vow was amazing!!!!!
Sipping on a couple of heineken and watching Jason Friday the 13th RNS I'm scared as hell lmao
We leave on the 10th! :)
U feel like im talkn to u..bitch nigga read dis tweet....I AM!!
That will be a good one >RT : I need some art conservation jokes for a blog post, any suggestions?
God makes us devil-proof.
I have that effect on people RT “: so I've been awake since 3 AM and I'm somehow now out with ”
It was so sad today when my class and i were picking a graduation song :( i'm going to miss them so much!
Dear 1or both of u need 2 get on a plane & come see my bored arse if its both Portia back away from his locs
"Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you really are." - Bernice Reagon
Lisa Raye here I come
- thanks! No idea what will happen next...
SO EXCELLENT! Serendipity on a Monday -- there's something for the history books.
Make up your damn mind
"One of the distinctive strengths of Needham’s novels is that he has the urban landscape of Asia down absolutely cold." -The Bangkok Post
i love you ! #BeliebingUntilMy<U+2665>StopsBeating ! Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I , we , love you so much !!
I think my mom's a retard.
It sucks when you're really upset ansd you know they aren't even affected
This game is a nail-bitter!!
which sucks cause my gfix card and CPU should be able to handle that easily, but it's better than nothing i guess
haha if eat the whole container you'd probably die :0
Hollis drains an are-you-kidding me three to keep the Hoyas alive. Still down four with only a minute to go though
Rumor mill says brightsolid is launching a big new US based website (not just UK anymore). Watch out, Ancestry...
I really hope nothing #bad happens from #eating too much
I'm stuck in a post-apocalyptic rut at the moment. I often browse goodreads.com to get inspiration.
New client special! $25 haircuts! You must call today and book by the end of the month: 206.264.7901
shout out
hahaha. you know me all too well, Gugs.
awesome working with you! Thank you so much
Came across a guy passed out at a party. Rather than draw dirty pictures on him with a marker, I woke him up & helped him get a ride home.
* Honey Cocaine Flow :D ...
no but i dont wanna be groped ethier
That is cool. Thank you for sharing that with us.
It's still there.....just inconsistencies and allowing big plays is killen em...plus its a road game, those are never easy
yes. so much more complicated.
Excellent seal on the inside by Dirk! Pin and post...
Mr. Sandoval, dry-clean my dream.
Xenotransplantation as a therapy for type 1 diabetes
RT : Information desk is always a great place to get started. Away we go....
lol sounds good to me
Follow me please? :)
Does anyone know of a way to export contact info (specifically e-mails) of your facebook friends?
Warm soup...so cold in NY today !
"My heart is breaking, but there's no use crying"
I was talking about those in Hannaford. Let's do dinner Sunday?!?!
Rejoice in God our helper, shout with joy to the God of Jacob. Psalm 80:1
The ability to see order in chaos is called creativity...
Tempting... Veeeerryy tempting... Okay so I'm gonna put it on
Glad you enjoyed it too! RT : Wow. The Strong National Museum of Play is NOT just for kids! I needed more time!
Get to start my vacation tonight by going home. Yay for family and a shiny, new Galaxy Nexus!
History will be kind to me for I intend to write it. - Winston Churchill
IVE NOTICED PPL DISLIKE IN OTHERS WHAT THEY DON'T SEE IN THEMSELFS WE ALL MIRRORS!
Look at this negro David Stern smirking while subliminally announcing that the season is over
Thanks to my roommate for pointing out that I have a lot of gray hair.
What a day #tired!
Don't know if you remember Harry's weird obsession with Mel Torme on "Night Court." What was that all about?
If them niggas keep tripping they can share an ambulance <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>
I have a whole tip sheet I send people now. Will send!
Juliet Simms Forever
it seems like i'm not gonna be able to finish my nhs hours :( this semester's been beyond hectic. i'll do better next year though.
Checking the O'Reilly website for ebooks. Their "back to school" special is still running.
A relationship that starts too fast, ends even faster."
what do you need me to do?! Cuz I'm down.
If you’re looking for great Chicago Bears tickets, you’ve come to the right place. Call us right now at: 888-493-0004 and book your tickets.
There's no denying. Logan is the best in big time rush
Feels good to go 3-0...St Bonnie, Fla State and close it out with Long Beach State...A tough out in the Dance!!!
Dear random waiters at a restaurant where I did not eat,
Don’t fall in love with the blessings. Fall in love with the Blessor. If you will seek the Blessor, God will give you what nothing else can.
I am so honored to work with so many smart people. Andi and his team totally rock. We are going to do some truly amazing stuff together :))
RT if u don't have a favorite ICONic Boy but u love them all <U+E329>
<3 sure is awesome
I have a surprise evening ahead of me, and I can't help but wonder what has up his sleeve...
I miss you too best friend/cousin
I've heard, that your dreams came true.
Happy Veterans Day. Thank you to all those who have fought for our country and freedoms. You are appreciated.
My bunny is trying to eat whats in my mouth her head is all in my mouth lol
I'm eatin a taco!! M
One reason God created time was so that there would be a place to bury the failures of the past..
Got my coffee Cup, ready to go. DO WORK!!
ill give you my Italian pussy instead of some pasta ;)
: haha, I get those all the time.
A relationship is not like Twitter where you can sign in and sign out whenever you want.
nah. Scorsese has created a beautiful salute to pioneers of the cinema, as only he can. He makes a cameo...look for him! Beautful
you caught me...
wats going on with white steel the guy who fought bowling watz he under investigation for?
This'll sound new age-y, but I'm working on strengthening my mind so that I can do that when I need to.
I MISS PUSHING DAISIES TOO! You were fabulous as Olive Snook!
I did... That's why I called...
Just got back from a 3 hour drive from new Hampshire, gonna go to sleep pretty early. Cause I'm tired
She said lets get going weve got time.
local and working on new ideas
i'm so proud of you, 24 followers! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Let's go after states like on Sunday. I can't go today...
Tom Hanks kept yelling at me in the halls today.
Idealism is what precedes experience; cynicism is what follows. David T. Wolf
Meeting at Sabor a Mexico in Mukilteo this Wednesday for an Isagenix team meeting. After this week, regular meetings at Rosehill!
HA! (sorry for the delay - just saw this)
that Los Angeles Laker game last night made me sick to my stomach :-/
is talking about behind the scenes at
MLB has to overturn that call on the perfect game
When u feel like u at the point where u cant grind anymore stfu an keep grinding
hey there! I'm booking a show 6/3 at Zydeco! or 216-240-7582 for more info :)
when you play a successful prank on someone
/ Neither. I prefer Seesmic, as it lets me update other networks via same app. BTW the Twitter iPad app lets you switch...
hobo bag packed. time to hit the road.
yooo we txtin it up right now
I am happy to announce that FIFI is home safe:)
Foxcroft Academy in ME (private/public) recruiting more overseas, locals think it's the most exciting thing to happen in years
#FF Folks going to #coffeefest next week in Seattle!
Nice, that's only a block down from here. Japonessa!
that one was blocked heavily.I think you will be okay.do you think that because yours is with a cotton vs wool that it curls?
@ Thanks for recommending us to
Couldn't agree more on this one!
I'd like to learn more. Can we chat? --Casey
I won't stop now!
Playing tonight at elm hill tavern at 9. Come hang with us!
Needs to start working out again. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Cinco de Mayo Festival continues tonight and Sunday 11am-10:30pm Live music, chance to win Mexican vacation.
did u grow up a star trek fan? enjoying the broadcast & thinking u have a 'esqe cadence
it was nasty! haha
you think asu can cover tonight? 15 points
just because and I end our nights at doesn't mean we need to start there... Trying to diversify our portfolio!
I think taht coronas getitin to me
hey ladies hope you are all having a good week so far(: today will be the first day I see Blake in weeks!
work now. Work tomorrow at 4. Meet tonight around 1?
Truth! RT Listen to your intuition, God gave it to you for a reason.
One Thing is on MUSIC CHOICE on Demand!! (: YIPEEEEE!
all melted now!
after looking through tweets i need to say one thing....people....its JUST a phone.
Whats up homie, where you been lately?
Spitters gettin heavy. Need a new bottle.
Be patient, the new album is cooking and coming together great!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 16) Super-massive Black Hole - Muse.
I really need some #sleep CieraMariexoxo
Thx Jess! We <3 you too.
Hm...my grandmother was strong and confident. Granddaddy was what folk called "henpecked". They were married for 61 years.
thats why you be ignoring me?
Steve Jobs could be played by George Clooney in Sorkin's version of Issacson's bio. This should be factually accurate...
RT A2 After the TagWhat session last week, I approached our board today abt doing a dedicated stream for that.
"No matter you're going in life,never forget where you came from.."
'All I want for Christmas, is You...' <U+2665>
Anytime Chris.
tear apart the very fabric of music AND the space/time continuum.
Good for you! Inspiring.
I know what you are going through I am 27 days sober myself
I'd be tempted to put Anjelica Huston on as Marilyn.
sunbathing again? RT : So I don't like it when people drive by my house slowly.
Uh oh
Switching from a desktop machine to a notebook is a great way to save electricity.
yes :) i think yes lol
WHY WOULD YOU THINK SINGING, LET ALONE SINGING LIKE A 1930S RECORDING, IS APPROPRIATE IN A COFFEE SHOP?
Cyber Monday sales are pretty good, bought my parents Christmas gift for a reasonable price, check it out online...
Mikey Adams from WEEI will be an honorary guest at a Metrowest Colonials home 2012 home game and will perform the opening coin flip.
So I break the thing down do the bird...
Yo I know everybody had a good day...right?
On the music tip check out Smooth sounds of R&B
Hope everyone had a great holiday season! We're back running this Saturday. '01 blend featured wine. 2 seats open Feb 4.
Ready to start my new workout today...
Yeah, a few of my college friends and I are in the [very preliminary] stage of creating a sports blog.
Yeahbuddy my was singing One Thing :D she's fluckin awesome!!!
Maybe not an iPhone, or pair of Google Glasses--but yes! Digital-encoded tattoo?
I'm not sure the various factions of faithless have any better a chance of consensus, than those who believe in a creator...
take from past experience. That has a weird way of dropping the pieces where you don't want them to fall :/
WorldStar be shaking!
"Misery loves company"...but it is "HAPPY" that draws the crowd!
Your friend breaks up with his girlfriend, becomes best friend again, finds a new girl & u never hear from him again
hi david, thanks for the follow! www.gossip-culture.com
Isn't he cute!!? :) His name is Marty!
Laser tag. Deal
we are excited to be here - what do you like about NYC's integration?
"You're never ever ever going to get everything done EVER!" - Annette Nathan
Stop by and see us, we would love to see you!
Hi, Mrs. Westcott!!
Giving this a try: I've just been told that the #Bills Fred Jackson signed a two-year, $8 million extension that can be more w/ incentives.
i love you too angie
Yard work and then a ride on the Monon this afternoon. Need to stop at for new caps for my stems on my tires.
cuz things aint right (; Dale, close your eyes and pray.
Sitting in "pro's come home" presentation with Budding journalists love pizza.
Break a leg! You'll be fabulous. Missed you at AWP this year, but you've SO moved beyond that, lady.
guys u mean.
has been saying that I've been making up words for years... I blame my ma. - she does have some corkers though! :-)
Agree. But I think citing lack of 'execution' is usually coach speak for putting blame on players. It never occurs that the..
What is this??? I'm finally leaving for San Diego??? Hellz ya!!!! :D
(; I had ice cream again!! You jealous?
NP, we like to keep our customers caffeinated =) Thanks for your feedback, check back soon for new brands & site changes!
So I guess I am looking for a job in the fall.
Happy Groundhog day, new music world. ( we're looking at you)
If you think somebody close to you is having mental impairment, use interests and passion to get them reinterested in what they enjoy
Stoked to be playing next Wednesday with , the ONLY Indie-Electro-Hip-Pop band worth their weight in pop rocks!
#BMS makes everything better. Some things just ruin your night, but , , makes everything better.
Bout to shoot this little video at I'd labs ...
like em? i LOVE them ! lols :)
had tons of fun last night with and
like that Kinte
Happy to be home and drinking water straight from the tap!
feeling good two out of three bags are sucessfully on the fan
This month, come check out our genealogy display and learn about how to use the sources @ your library!
How do you expect forgiveness from Lord when you can't give it or accept it.
awesome film, particularly just before the end. :)
I call it like I see it. Through a blinding haze of bitterness and spite, that is.
Remember back when we were so close Remember when we had all of this Although we aren't close anymore I will always remember you
Oh my gosh. lol I am going to make you talk to her and be around her. I can only do so much!
morning tweepers \m/
That was probably the highlight of my year!
still cant believe what went on
The Sentinel screenplay is looking more solid everyday. Waiting for the last character pose before going to Phil Tibbet.
Camping food has never been so good! Bridgford ready to eat sandwiches for an on the trail lunch. Check "camp food" at Outdoors Geek!
that's an absolutely great pic of u!
thankyou+ done:)x
LeBron James -- NBA MVP. Not like it should surprise anyone, though. There was no question about it. Congrats !
About to throw down at lifetime. Scrawny ass kids chirping my flow cause I'm using a machine they want
yo what's good y'all should leak that jay z traxx for losers
thanks, i enjoy your comments and reviews
“: "Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." -John Wooden”
agreed. That's do annoying!!
Who is Greg Mahoney?:)
I believe there should be an open hunting season on anyone who says "The client decided to go in a different direction."
Poised Creation has met many great people in Fort Worth! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Stay tuned for more info on the job front....
FINALLY done with my project
I'm all ready and got my tux on!! #Classy :)
Just learned that lights on top of a cab don't mean on or off duty in Boston and apparently upstreaming is a respectable norm...oh.
hit up or he designed my site
Advertise on to over 35k weekly listeners. Great rates. Send info to
Going to a just a little out of the way makes such a difference in the stuff you can find!
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
giving Sally sleeping pills
magazine clippings and hotels and rest.s r a great starting point for a design project
That sounds really good. I need something better than a Pop Tart for breakfast.
hey Ur so funny :)
5000 business cards are only $85 Today Only > www.800printingnyc.com
Great! Thanks Matthew
Wishing I was knee deep. Cannot wait to take the boat out this summer.
I had my hands all over your girl Monday..........
Is it Friday yet? I'm wiped!!
I told my sister I'm gunna call her everyday asking to go see stella! Haha. I miss her already!
Fitch: buyers of European cov-lite debt included US CLO and institutional investors.
Solid! What's your major field of study ?
“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new lands but seeing with new eyes.” —Marcel Proust
Now, that's what I'm talking about.. It's all about positive thinking and anticipating what's ahead. Opportunities abound!
Fair enough.
me: wats the difference between a bucket of shit and you? idiot: uh well it smells? me: no the bucket xD<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
“If you wait until there is another case study in your industry, you will be too late.” – Set Godin, Keynote Speaker, Author of Permissio...
Dear John is on <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>it's one of my favorites!
lmao that's not an explanation...
then you're going to need to pay me double.
OMG like so much! Huzzah for shirtless juggling. Blonde is AWESOME!
shut up. I win
Well I love her, but I love to fish
#iThoughtYouWereCuteUntil I saw your teeth
What can I say? Just an amazing day here in Chicago!
looking forward to showing BCAC and the impact we have to keep kids safe today
Holy smokes! My offer just got accepted...I think I just bought a house.
aren't I always?
Sitting at about to have a really nice stout, and some dinner...I NEVER get to do this!
How is firing pucks on Bryzgalov not part of the game plan for the #Pens. He didn't have to make a single difficult save that period.
Make BFF's with them why don't cha! Haha
Thanks for the comments on my pics hehe
what'd u do to ur facebook?
I'm at Beta Brokers, where are you? Check in on neybor.com on your mobile.
Read that they were going to focus on music. I can't even delete mine though.
Are big girl panties the same thing as grandma panties?
Avoid overeating: Prepare your plate before you sit down. Lean protein should be the size of a deck of cards.
I bet niggas gone make this a holiday!
Ponder: The 19th century is over. We've got to recognize unless we fix problem, 21st century is going to bury us.
essential questions and timing of units (related to current events) usually start the process for me.
I'm not extremely far but I'm not close at all either :/. I live dead in the middle of the country -_-
Happy Valentine's Day
Flight of the Concords just won an #oscar Yay!!
preach sistah! “: “Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe”
Wisdom comes with realizing what we must give up, willingly or unwillingly, in order to grow.
Hookah & Kool Aid..That's Whats Happening At The Moment..
": rite chea taking a hard ass test was going on with u when u gone come vistit" idk bra idk, soon thoe
#fridayreads "The Cat's Table" by Michael Ondaatje.
Another thing to add to my bad Tuesday... Diall is trending.
Rally in Solidarity with Wisconsin Fox News Building Tuesday, 22 Feb 2011, 5:00 PM Join us to support the workers of Wisconsin
Running off of an hour and a half of sleep. Alex can suck mah bawlz for this one.
I love you all soo much I love doing all I can for you<3
Shes not heavy enough!
I agree Jack, great DC Alum Chapter and good to see you there!
waiting patiently for dane county to report......that should give kloppenburg a huge boost.
As I said-Nows the Time by LH&R and Yardbird Suite-Bob Dorough.
Excited for today!
"Art takes many forms. It's not always just photography or print; it can be in a martini as well." #ARTINI at The Corcoran March 31
lots of things come into my mind all i can do is laugh! XD
A torrent had carried us fromone sea to the other
Self-doubt is the number one destroyer of lives.
Hm who wants to text me?? (:
what is the perfect location?
henry's dancing on LBJ legacy: First vol. of Caro opus makes perfect foot stoll for my son's bouncer. book too heavy for actual reading
What up brahhhh????? That post yesterday night was funny af
With Google+ business pages - peeps have to circle you not you circle them - says
The ever so anti-climactic NIT: Like cumming in your pants while the girl gets naked.
They went on a panty raid to mr krabs mothers hz haha
- that sucks man! traffic cops are pure evil. I think I saw one frisking an old lady the other day. Despicable. :-p
and the tickets are priority so i get to be seated first! :D
We have a winner! RT Fact: The dude who gave herpes to the chick you caught it from is an Oregon grad.
One hell of a night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
digging the tunes, all you need now is a beer at skippers and baseball, and you have officially made it to summer!
doesn't drink
Haha “: Does the girl behind the LA Kings bench think she is Blossom with that hat?”
is "Boo" the new "Garbage"?
My version of "Free hugs" is a sign hung around my neck that says "Ewww, get the fuck away from me."
OMG a bug just flew on me.. I'm def. Not feeling this sh!t.
To all my loved ones in Hawaii and Japan... please be safe.
Laron Landry to the JETS on a 1 year deal
LMAO! RT : Oh RT : George Zimmerman got convicted of second degree murder... Who did he kill the first time????
Trending topics been weak af lately..
Well let me get dress & head 2 dollar tree. I believe its cool enuff
I'm not sure but it might be after school
Star Mentors Events is on fire. Come Join us. www.starmentors.com
Great... Just when I thought I lost all my feelings for you... this happens.
& gr8 friends help U clean up afterwards! RT : "Real friends help U hide the bodies." She speaks the truth!!
So I think #oomf is coming to town soon to surprise me. I sure hope so cause I miss you!
alright hunniie. Wht time yu usually wake up in the morning?
HELP ME CONVINCE MY MOMMA. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Building a lovely set of giveaway prizes for a random donor to CriterionCast. I'll draw the name in June.
Excited about the fashion show tonight!!! =)
GM! I respect what you do.
HEY, I HEARD YOU WERE A PLAYA... WELL I'M THE COACH...
"my back, my back" oh nm I'm okay. Gonna run back out here now. :-|
iPad can now be personal hotspot if supported by carrier. 4G LTE iPads are carrier specific; 3G World Ready, however.
Other than the fact that the Ivy character is completely insane - felt hilty played marilyn as caricature?
flacco makes u eat your words
If they target some more kid friendly activities, then I'm sure you're right.
You at the Michigan football meetup? RockitChicago tweeted the Hoke is there and I saw you're drunk already.
some girls are so predictable
Im getting stupid loose this weekend it's my BDAY and u already know what it is!!!!
Night night
Work with what you got to get to your destiny. Believe that you can have it.
- That's a great video with Chris Westfall. Thx for sharing!
Watch 2morrow my throat will be burning!!!
...I don't think that I trust you talking to her
Dolo Murder She Wrote December 2011 YSM at ya neck!
um, you have the hair color/cut i wish i could have. seriously.
Lying to me?
Thanks for posting Caitlin! You're the best!
“: When boys are sweet to their mother.<U+2665>”
Just signed up for a season of vegetables from One Straw Farm. Doesn't start until June, but I'm already a bit excited.
RIP Ivan Slain, owner of Ivanhoe's in Upland. You'll be truly missed and never forgotten.
Hahaha whatever your heart desires(:
Thanks for all that cam out to Thee Dollhouse last night. Fb is suspended so you know it was a good one! Boat time!
Wishing and weren't so lame.
Wish I could be at the #LTYMshow DC today. Such an amazing group of women.
Wow. New iPhone 4S is going to make the Chicago Cab Fare so much better!
I have too many social networking sites.
Flashback Fridays about to start! Want 80's 90's Top 40 and Hip hop all in one spot??? The Cellar at 685 Sutter Street is your spot!!!
ALEX I LOVE YOU. you and austin are hilarious, i love your videos!! want to follow me? :) <3
im serious dawg....
Today is looking to be a great day.
Yep! I love when idiocy self-destructs. It's actually my favorite.
my #Shoutouts miss you too! haha :) soory its been awhile. i been busy.
RT who cares who develops #digitalpreservation tools so long as they are good?
Oh yay, haha. I'll stalk some shops today after work too.
Celebrate your independence day right. Drop by for a Supersac w/ Black Velvish cover for $499! United We Sit.
Have you heard of them before just now when I started talking about them?
Whee! It's Dave week! Already?
Will be tweeting info on Healthcare Staffing update from Staffing Industry Analyst
Hanging out with at mocha in Oakland
that makes sense. lol.
Hope so too. And anti-inflammatory spices & foods could help.
In New Orleans and the surrounding Louisiana Gulf Coast area, the predominant religion is Catholicism
27- wow you have the most prettiest smile I have ever seen on a boy :)
okay. Fine. I will.
will you seriously come to martinos with me?!
Your soo adorable and a good dancer too.(:
sad business
Ha, you can go with my wife. Oh...
thank you
Hello Wisconsin. Go sports!!!!!!!!!
": Tonight 7pm at Harrah's in New Orleans is the Ticket Release Party!"
the ustream has finally been scheduled. You in? Oh, and she's at Neumos this week, I think
Twitter, wants you to know about Deer Vibes + Golden Lights + This Old House + Maxx +Western Giants @ The Ten Eleven!
what a neat idea!! you're so sweet to think of my Stems :)
Bwahaha! "How long are you gonna ignore me?" "Until the shame cloud clears." Love
Mom read the book and said it was great.
Two sets of #gratefuldead tonite on www.jedluckless.tv at 8pm EST (or so) Join us :)
Sure thing! Hope everything's going well with you and your family!
Poltergeist is actually my favorite poster of all time. Very striking.
Post-electro-heavycore-ultra-rock legends Trans Am reunite for epic reunion shows! Live your dreams! Available now for bookings!
I'm thinkin maybe some golf and beers in a couple weeks? Let me know what you think.
Dont believe what most people say
Fuck in the ear.
did my dad pick y'all up?
o C-A-T-S Cats! Cats! Cats!
We want you to play our scavenger hunt! Come to booth 318!
1/28/1757->Cuninghame: The French grow more&more Formidable by their Alliances, while Our Friendly Indians are deserting our Interest
watching Mommy Dearest for the first time. the mom is waayy beyond a bitch -_______- #sadmovie <l3
even thoe not said .. i dont feel trusted, always assuming something. & its crazy cause i dont even do nothing.
Think Big, Start Small, Move Fast. -
would love to connect and touchbase about the industry if you have a couple minutes? Enjoy the LA weather! 30 deg here in NYC!
I met Chris Hansen today in the newsroom. Seemed like an ok guy. And I wasn't arrested as a pedophile, so score one for me!
What are you planning for May? Over on this month we're Setting the Record Straight: Combatting Myths, Misconceptions, & Stigma.
ah see you soon it's been too long!
OH! YES!
how was the camping trip? Can't wait to hear about it! PS- Thx for the #Mix1073 shirt... it's my new fave workout tee. :)
I hate shopping by myself D;
Fun! Get to analyze the classification system of different fashion styles for 616! Now if I could only get a job in a fashion library...
don't trust the guy named Ray in apt 23! :)
I.S.D. Locksmith 619-335-7969 www.isdlocksmith.com 24/7 locally owned & operated 92109 Quality, Fast, and Honest locksmith
That was pretty freaking incredible! And yeah is certainly entertaining
SO TRUE!
Happy National Pie Day!
I know a few Pauls, who are we talking about?
- My Mommy Has Surgery Tomorrow . . i Wouldn't Be Surprised if The House Burnt Down While She's Gone . .
lol all late but ...why didn't you invite me ):
Hello! What tools do you use to make infographics? Thanks!
cool..im glad to here it..
might be the funniest account on twitter. Love every tweet
#News A 14 yr old teen who has been missing since 2010 was mistakenly deported to Colombia and is now sitting in a detention facility
the part about "think about how your classroom learning is engaging...can u translate to social?" was awesome inspiration.
' Frontera Grill. Great food. Worth every penny.
“Tremendous. Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history.” this can't be true right?
ctfu ikno i did to at first
Wow Nate, LOVE that perspective!
RFT! He's too cool for us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>“: I've been following for the longest and he don't even follow me back, smh.”
- That's great news. I'm going again and I recommend highly everyone go see while its still showing in LA!
Dishes should be cleaned every morning before I leave for work, and put away in the evening when I get home.
mesquite? Rt ": Now i'm in the mood to dance, wheres my cute cowboy! lmao"
oh my god could you imagine what would happen if she saw it...
A lot of people...but it doesn't matter. I want you there.
ok then my nigga thanks in fact would love to hear u on a black vodka remix from
Please RT! in #WoodleyPark #DC offering $18 3course dinner for just $18 to our nation's veterans and soldiers!
hey follow me plz thanks lol
Well, The Word Alive is in Florida...I'm at my house.
We're with you! Spiciness is key. It should be one of the five!
haha nice! Look forward to meeting you!
I've often thought the #iPad would replace the #MacBookPro, but after one day in a hotel w/o my #Mac, I know #OSX is still better than
yes, i got it! thanks!
Being educated by the Winegrower & Winemaker from & rt now. Humbled that they're sharing knowledge & passion w/me
Does anyone have an uplifting Monday story to tell? Some of us could use one :)
i think we looked the best today at the fundraiser.(;
Being a lazy fuck
I'm getting one tomorrow !! Come see me !
So, that tornado missed my sister's house by about 5 blocks.
People in pink cars: You bug me.
Taylor gets bulled over going to basket no call, runs away from guy on d gets a and 1. Bull shit
so hood stay hood luv me tiaunna marie
Im sorry....did kurt and Blaine just get in a fight? Unacceptable.
Just landed in Geneva.
I miss playing AngryBirds
Just exploded a cherry coke 2 liter on mels toms shoes... epic explosion sad outcome....
Ah that's right, we put Trump against the Oscars.
Radelet: "With just a quick glance, you can see the diversity of economic growth."
When is it?
"Aldon" is way too close to "Alex".
I hate the doctor. And the dentist. And anyone else that tries to help me.
Follow back?Please?It would make my day if you did! Huge fan..PLEASE!!!
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 19
Beautiful ~ looks very intelligent and legendary fan of Andrea is very sweet to everyone. She deserve love <U+2665>
I love windmills.
If we get 1000 followers on March 1, we'll officially be happy.
lol I only liked when the gay guy was doing the single ladies
top of the morning, ray!
Sunday Funday better than ever! Come Bounce with us!
ACY airfares lowest in U.S. survey - Shore News Today
Another dollar, another day. Man is it early
hey what Ur E mail I have that thing ready I just need Ur email and I will send it when I get home
yeah it's sad.
thank you!!! See you tonight!
No, no, the vodka offer came only *after* you accepted the story. But there *was* vodka drinking during the writing. >.>
Los Angeles says #HelloJenCoolidge we missed you!!!!
That Halftime show was so reductive...
but as veteran leaders we fight an uphill battle against certain stereotypes. This doesn't help.
#Work & #ChurchFlow... It's so possible..
Getting my nerd on watching #CharlieRose. They are talking about the brain. And how it works or tries to lol
Its gonna be a hot one today!!!
Yup—I think they have hold a similar *cultural* place for vegetarians an carnivores.
I feel a little badass today... Weird.
It's raining in SF, but the sun will shine on Candlestick Park on Sunday. Pray for peace and a 49'ers victory. Shabbat Shalom
Do you Twitter? Meet me
it's weird to watch the morning news from a diff station. Ugh direct tv
Tell you what. Our 3 (Hafner ) and 4 (Csan) hitters strike exactly ZERO fear in opposing pitchers with weak ass AB's like those.
was that you I just saw on Columbia rd!?
Well shit, at least you tried.
Life doesn't have to be perfect to be wonderful. (:
Is there a premium for home runs in medical care?
I'll chant unlimited blade works for you next time on chat. :3
Testing some functionality with this one
Teaching amazing again. Noting how over the years of teaching what was #scifi in 1995 is now our world, so makes my job easier.
To realize one's destiny is a person's only obligation.
I am in an airport... No tax I guess.
All new jersey shore today
Thanks for taking the time to reply. I've never thought of writing for TV, still trying to come to grips with feature films.
I just gave hannah a bunch of #'s (;
I cant tell you on here.. You goin back to the H for the summer?
Lightning Bolt!!!!!
Studio tomorrow.
Demi is a judge on X-Factor US and the boys will be performing on it ! NEMI will happen ok :$
I'm excited about this year's Maryland Film Festival
She has a baby.
that's fine cause I have to go to class anyway and that's when I get out just hit me up when your done
Be the positivity you seek, and watch the universe yield it back to you in every aspect. -LT
You can park your airplane in your garage! The Terrafugia Transition can be flown as an airplane or driven as a car. Wings fold in seconds!
Thanks! *cheers*
What an awesome event that was.. long live the SweatStock
come to Miami please! We miss you!
Ordering trashy romance would be amazingly fun.
I wanna run away
Training already for next season basketball:)
Big play Dave!!! Great steal.
I transitioned on the site.
that's when u hope for good craft services
Hey Y'all it's on again. Catch me and on today with our artist Diamond at 1pm PT and 2pm ET.
And I own the store.
So am I.
The kids prank called me three times while I was at a movie. This is not how you convince me to get you a phone.
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Rock branch of the Music career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
I so want to go sounds awesome!
knowledge is so incredibly sexy....I've tapped into a new chapter of life, loving it!
Will Shale gas carbon footprint influence Roadmap 2050?
There will be Mobile Learning Experience 2013in spring in Phoenix. We're working on the dates and hope you can join us!
Double check on the need for water-- we just came from AL-- they had water up the wazoo so we traded for socks
DAMN RIGHT BM!! LOVE YOU!
How to make a text sound flirty just put a ";)" aha
what a nice day, to be out in ypsi... did you know! that u can ask people for change down here!? awesome!
haha it wasn't to hot :) and that sucks!
Good morning fellow tweeters, I promise not to be selling anything this morning. Life is good.
FOLLOW ME! <3
Man there are some people in the New York City subways that are sleeping with their heads in some crazy positions.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you the f**k off.
At Pinocchios in Pasadena with tonight. Great room for jazz!!
Trend AUSTIN IS PERFECT :)
The saying goes, "Let your conscience be your guide." Bad conscience = terrible behavior towards life and the living.
Heh. This was a review for Yelp. I didn't realize it would be posting to Twitter. Thanks for the heads up.
"Wade through a pitch-black sea of balloons that respond to your movements with ethereal glows of light." Why yes, I think I will.
#thingsihate when people don't know the difference between your and you're. I'm pretty sure we all learned contractions in the 1st grade
“ If you don't like me, I'm okay with that, just don't pretend that you do.”
WHEN I SEE ONE OF THOSE .GIF TUMBLRS THAT USES THIS "JOKE" FORMULA AND I'M ALL [farts]
Hospitality Properties Trust Announces 2012 First Quarter Results
Can't. Stop. Reading. #countofmontecristo #hooked(again)
glad to join you in this space! Hugs!
Pac-10 didn't get any wins this big during the season. And thats counting Stanford and Washington's run in NIT.
that'll wake you up! Lol
Come work over here and bring wifey;)
thanks for checking us out
My work day is just about over...
Met my wife 5 years ago tonight. Off to Surly Girl to relive that first night.
should be my 33rd follower! <33
Her friend delores gets on my nerves everyday!
make out and dry hump session
Many disagree but I think the #Redskins are doing good things in the draft. Time will tell...
When Aziz's completes a 3-point play, you know the MO is on UW's side.
Stopping in at Taco Time for dinner? Make sure you’re done eating at least three hours before bed to boost weight loss efforts.
no worries, obviously I got some soccer nerd in me too...I do follow you on twitter
Ugh, migraine…
love your website and love Faith based films :)
Hello everyone!
Any food trucks out there want to try Uncle Jim's Pepper Mustard? Let me know, we'll get ya some free samples!
Spending quality time with Cleanth Brooks, Wallace Stevens, and Frank Lentricchia.
Hi guys!! Made it for another fun design chat.
this shit to e-z.
good advice. I've seen that mistake too many times. Xo J
heard these young bucks on the bus talking about this Avrey dude who was dope. I was like his name is Avrey Smith...lol
: Cover art for CONTENTS MAY HAVE SHIFTED looks as if GATE AT THE STAIRS married YOU KNOW WHEN THE MEN ARE GONE.
"Oh, shit!" - we are watching for it!
One Direction Giveaway !
50 firsts dates in my pants
You are almost at 700 tweets!
RT : Oral arguments are over in Daniel Salinas case. NM Supreme Court justices deliberating
that's what I said:/ I'm not even Suppose to have a twitter! He's way to protective! I'm sorry:/
guys love Halloween. its when cute girls dress up as a slutty [insert random vocation here]
Oh ok . -signs them bitches- <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A9>
"You are you and that is true, there's no one in the world who's you-er than you." Happy Birthday Dr. Seuss!
stuntin dont even sum it up. I feel like i have put in too much work to still be going thru changes wit these ni99as
“Stay-at-Home Moms Report More Depression, Sadness, Anger" my goal is to help end #depression w/ #fitness and #nutrition!! Contact me
love you sis. Like big, long, rock back and forth hug kinda love.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants to be reminded that you want her happy.
And for all hood cats..Ed hardy jeans are NOT 4 U in 2012.If you got skeleton heads on your jean back pockets,take that bullshit off lol
ONE more day and then im off to San Diego for Mardi Gras... cant wait cause I heard it gets crazy! !!
niggas say im disrespectful
SO great to see you in person.TNX! RT : lovely chatting with you two ladies this afternoon! Sorry I had to...
A poor man with nothing in his belly needs hope, illusion, more than bread
good luck :)
World just shrank by 1%. Sending Leapfrog Press galleys to .
She's an easy lover.
tried really doe
It is the writer who might catch the imagination of young people, and plant a seed that will flower and come to fruition. - Isaac Asimov
so where are they now at 9:45 pm May 15?
My bf gon miss the heat game smh I don't feel like hearin about this
that is so weird!
Great article by Catherine on sustainablity.Helping me to understand how to up the quality and preserve my petinaed leather
“: 1 hour and 10 mins til my birthday. #22” Happy birthday in advance for your king to be!
thank you. God bless.
Blasting #FirstKiss by in my mum's car! Can't believe he's from the same country as me!:')
hey where've you been?
#MXpresidentialDebate Quadri: "we need a world class police force to combat crime"
Beers, man. Making weird words wrong for forever.
Hahahaha I did they came like 15 mins after you left
Pancake nipples
dm Can I speak with the Whitehouse about a significant public/private sector plan to improve education at no/low cost to America
Well...that might be the wrong term haha!
anyone ever tell u - u look like the chick on finding bigfoot?!!
really wanted to make sure that I was awake today.
follow me my new twitter :-) miss u!!!
RT "Put power of engineers in the hands of artists & designers"
Ran 6 miles for the first real run after the holiday season! Bring back the great routine!
There's something about a woman in the gym working out....
"I just want to buy a fleet of horses and name them. if you give a horse s cookie"
Yepp! =) I plan on makin a youtube soon
Follow me on instagram!(:
I bet thought that last tweet sucked
just seen this new movie called "joy road" good fuckin movie.
thats a lot of years les
Take a cold shower, brush your teeth and we'll see you tonight 7PM
lol so u noticed?..i figured u wuld say dat...good shit good shit other ppl wulda made diss tracks...i respect it...reealniggaz!
Based on the interpretation I'm reading "A Christian should not have a spirit of carping criticism & fault-finding"
Our Design Studio folks just launched the new redesign of the site, looking sharp!
lord knows i only have a handful
Oh no! Nickelback is the worst.
About to eat the hottest pepper in the world.
Make today an extraordinary day - then repeat tomorrow.
THERES NO SUCH THING AS PERFECT !!
Country Music Awards on ABC.
Wow... (here’s a not-so-fun fact: Since the 60's, while all non-healthcare expenditures increased 8x, healthcare increased 274x).
I just realized that people at my school that have facebooks are full of themselves...My friend Hannah told me that so blame her!
I've been fucking sick since last week,ugh.
you wouldnt be if you had me to keep ya sane :-)
yeah yeah.
Nothing like spilling coffee on yourself to start of this sunny Monday morning!
lol. You weren't really driving a car, were you?
RT : UPDATE: Officials tell they believe 2nd shooting victim at Virginia Tech was the gunman...
“: The harder one works the easier it looks... Don't be fooled.” Piv's droppin knowledge right here
Good point, so what shd they be reporting? MT : m reminded how little public service there is in this genre of "reporting"
5 mill and unlimited crazy bread
Just got back from New York city and back to work drafting contracts! Boy was it cold in NY. Sure makes you appreciate San Diego!
:) but I have to say: broken face vs broken elbow(s)? I win :)
"Learn what works and what doesn't..." has got to be the laziest marketing copy of all time. Right up there with "now more than ever..."
Hahahah! The Force is Strong with this One! #MaytheFourthbewithYou !!!
": Guys, you know what's insane? That the 1970s happened." Right?!? Way freaky. The clothes, the cars, the TV shows...:)
Making moves!!
but that would involve me actually getting off the couch. Seriously, science, we need teleportation.
We are having our Scotch on the Yachts night this Sat. at our Marina. Should be a great time! Will post pics next week! Great boating to all
Lots of new interesting Blogs on TopSistaBlogs.gotop100.com Check them out! If you have a business add it to TopSistaSites.gotop100.com
1000 FULL COLOR BUSINESS CARDS $25 www.lamediaprint.com
Home improvement - Coeur d'Alene Press
Career 101: give your current resume to 10 people you trust. Ask them if they would hire you for you boss's job (NB don't ask your mother).
By The Way! It's Day 15 BABY!
What a fxcking night. Now I'm more confused than ever
can somebody make me a spaghetti diagram showing the connections among all of these data citation programs? Overwhelming...
She was on a ABDC episode she met them and yesterday she saw mikey and bailey at the movvies so ya. Shes nice!
should also follow who is a huge advocate & check out Moe's amazing work on site!
Sound advice. Thanks for the reminder.
Amateur Contest starting at midnight!
Don't hate....DETROPIATE...
letting your child record your family's voicemail intro is not cute, its more like annoying.
I need a rootbeer in my life.
man that to much! Haha
you make a potential disaster sound kinda cute.
Managed to launch and move to LA in the spaces in between. I love my work but I could use a nice vacation! LOL!
RT : Azalea is going to lose her mind. She's the star of not one but TWO holiday cards.
girl you know you want to be on planes where those uniforms are. #emirates is the best flight you've ever been on.
let ya body go
Very nice. 65 and sunny in February.
BREAKING: YouTube to add 3,000 new movie titles to rent
Attention all artist who are trying to get extra exposure contact me: to be considered for our
RT : She kills those blond dreads...i'm in love! · you #still that 1/10 boobie! :-)
I'm so excited! It took a long time and a lot of work but it's finished now and it feels so good!
It's true! Love ya girl!
RT : It's worth viewing the slides for this session. There's a nice example of wireframing & iterating
1.does he get special attention in school? Or 2. If he won the lottery, what would he do with the money?!
Lmao finally got my legit cd of drake take care :DD!!
Thank you! Greatly appreciate it!
I want some salad
sitting at the bar opposite of the front door raisin my hand.
you missed Avi's rendition of walking to Memphis. On second thought, you didn't really miss much...
I can lick my elbow. It's not impossible?
Tapped to keep score for Little League opener. Scrambled to recall notation and learn new ("KS" = strike out, "swinging"). Used eraser alot.
damn get yourself to a concert! in da meantime you should check out dis one!
That Twitter. So buggy.
hey dude how have you been?long time no talk....oh cool dude make some more followers and twitter will be fun to use
OR 30 days from original tweet. And "challengers" have 30 days to unseat it. King of the Mountain-style.
John Shirley~ Weekends are a bit like rainbows they look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them.
Googling bruises and cuts: a sign that a badass movie is about to be made.
“Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.” Horace Mann
I am so anxious right now I could just beat someone with my sobe bottle. I never want to be at the mall on saturday again.
I made a whole new outfit last week with things I already had and hadn't worn in ages! Closet shopping score. Keep the faith!!
Bar crawl in WC for sponsored by - Come help fight Childhood Cancer, all benefits the Alex's Lemonade Stand!!
How was your day?(:
I'm into you
I walk alone in the corridor , and listen the music that can make me calm
Summit Up 4-29-12: Still thinking about prom
you fit me better than my favorite sweater.
Got the opportunity to go to 2 baseball games tomorrow for free ( or Clemson/WFU)...hmm, decisions, decisions.
LOL! RT : A8: I recommend a good bourbon to start
WOW!!! It's warmed up to +18.
Looks like owes me 5 big ones...3-2 win for the Regents over Fondy
Very cool indeed. Though your own URL shortner is pretty nerdy...
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
RT : It's #AskArchivists Day! Anything you want to know about digital preservation or personal digital archiving! Ask away!
love life loyalty wisdom knowledge understanding....need i say more?
Ok cool, how is everything in your camp man, been too long..
Just crossed over thr #michigan state line :) almost home!!!
“:senior”we all can't be light, cute, skinny or whatever but we r all GODS children
It's said dreams come true & I dreamed about a vacation on a sunny beach at a beautiful resort somewhere in the Caribbean. Plz come true
awe what a pretty leaf! Goes great with the season! love the colors. Matching today?
"I can't wait to get whatever Kobe Has!" - Everyone on the Lakers and Nuggets
Tebow and Thomas.....BOOM!
Just woke up and my socks are missing. Omfg!? I hate when this happens aha.
yeah I was so shitty!!! She slammed into me hard lol
Thanks for the RT!
I got a job offer in NY but it's barely enough...I'd be living how I live now....
second day back to #bikram ...all my progress is gone! Ha.
R u sure about that? I heard they're cute when they're young, but hard to handle when they become teens. Like humans, but worse.
How far of a setback will it be if the Broncos select a QB with the #2 pick?
I may think and talk aboit it but i dont fukn do it
I was nervous to talk to u today
Damn did long john silver have to go fishing for my food
If you play enough monopoly or risk or poker, you will walk away with new skills. at
We met the lovely Millissa in NY two months ago at a market event and wanted to chime in and say hello! We hope all is well!
It would be tight, but I could swing it!
Co-sign! RT : Channing Tatum in a Tribe cap is honestly the sexiest thing I've ever seen.
We LOVE our clients<U+2665> Post pictures of you with your meal so we can share them with all of our followers! Happy Thursday :)
Thanks for the follow back, Rhonda. Welcome!
THIS DAMN GAME IS NOT OVER\
Watching where the wild things are.
You better meet with your boss.
I had a wonderful Easter dinner with and the family -- now off to work to begin Week No. 2 at my new writing job
Man shit please people if u look like hell put on a shirt, it is not that hot out..:-) :-)
Districts for track at Putnam:D #Whooah(:
Site at home bored playing the game
Just listened to Newt Gingrich, a man who cheated on two of his wives, one of whom had cancer, go on about the sanctity of marriage...
no worries mate, glad you had a good time! What did you have to eat?
Omg!!! Hella crazy excited for the hunger games movie!!! Ah!!!
I think so man. I see so many people talking about it! So many pinheads! Lol
I don't just talk it..I live..it..
Express Promotions is holding a free seminar at the Pfister Hotel, May 4 at 7:30AM, titled Has Social Media Changed Since You Woke Up? Sara…
hey buddy!
Are the backs of your current cards shiny? Make them matte and preferably white/light so they can be written on.
good job Hoya go pacers !!!
I don't like it when someone puts my "" in a tweet that makes it seem like I'm praising something that I'm not. Not cool.
Tea Party support for Heck wanes
120 days until the BIG 21st Birthday
Those same girls are envious of the way that you live your life!
Well. Terrible start.
#HappyMothersDay to all the Moms & Mother Figures out there! You are special not only today but everyday... THANK YOU for what & how you do!
We're officially a bit more than halfway through this EP! Counting down the days until it's done...
new posts up now at 1standvine.tumblr.com! dig in.
's has created model for STEM, education profs team teaching. Soon to be published!
Ouch! RT : Just because ur wife material, doesn't means he's gonna make u a wife...
no way! That's awsome can lie though huge new zeland fan here
Hey there, DM me your email. Have an event invite for ya.
"Don't Hate. Accelerate." :
I would like Filet, Shrimp & ribs for dinner, my mom is making me MAKE lasagna.
just come spend 5 minutes with it. ...if that. Out of 10 kittens this is the only one I hate.
I just checked out your blog and saw the article about the speed drumming symposium. Wicked. Not annual?
Time for me to go to bed Now.. GN
Almost Maine rehearsal!
Lines moving quick lol get your tickets and get out
Deejaying a sweet 16 tonight on the Pink Lady Party boat gonna be fun!
Watching coach carter :)
nice typewriter man
Remember that random opportunity I seized yesterday? Turns out that was just my foot. Sometimes opportunity looks like a foot.
LOL bitch STFU you're annoying.
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
thanks God it's friday
If FB ever allows you to see who's been looking at your profile there will be a lot of acquaintances that are going to be freaked out by me
I'm going to start a droney rock band called 'Ugly Duckling' with hopes of, one day, turning into SWANS.
I like writing in 2/4. #;) even if it's so similar. Haha
There are very few worse places to be when you're sick than a doctor's waiting room.
Why doesn't pay attention to me? I'm a Florida girl!
Weather is great for walks along the river this weekend. Our agents are ready to plan your trip 360.696.0411 Take 30% off. Expires 9.26.10
Thanks for the heads up! I'll have to check them out!
For audio-only get a mid-level solid state recorder (e.g. Sony Zoom). Whether to get external mic depends on your needs.
...and once again, this Windows machine seems to be completely baffled at how to install its own update.
def! Been great, busy and being creative :)
we're coming over in a little bit!!!!
Oh my God what an amazing day! Surrounded by so much love & many blessings! I cannot believe this incredible man chose me to be his wife!
Frontier Deck Builders, Inc. Suggests Shading Options for Outdoor Living Spaces
Newt: The future of America is on another planet.
Fuck off At&t for cutting my phone off even though it has been paid u mutha fuckers!?
sorry fell back asleep lol and making breakfast
Wish I was different sometimes
mucho. but I like having something to look forward to :)
John what does Romney propose for health care reform if he would replace Obama Care????
It's midnight and a hottie on the subway is drinking a venti coffee. #youknowwhatthatmeans! #shesaslut!
“ Some relationships come when you don't need them, some relationships go when you realize you need them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>”
random but I met your twin on set the other day! You're prettier, of course, but she looked so much like you!!
Let's have Lindsey unload 30 boxes half her body weight, then bitch they're not in the right spot -_-
Choppin the hair
Just found out the conservative grade school Principal used to frequent Rush concerts back in the day.
how bout we do lunch and come up w/ a deal? I give u $10.. u give me.. hmm $476M
Rough OT loss for the
Love today, forget yesterday and believe in a better tomorrow.
We want Tito chant just broke out at
To eat at my house this thanksgiving you need to either bring a dish...or a gram of some fire weeds...preferably the weeds child...
She screamed" I'm trust worthy ! " so is the government & your taxes are used for finding cures ,see the pattern here ?
i like ur twitter name, at first glance i was like who the hell is that
fail? did you not attend the same conference i did? pro-abortionists got next to nothing, and lets not forget
Cmmon Hawks u can do this,you can beat these grandpa's
RT : “: The more you know technically, the more you can achieve creatively.” // So good!
Okay you've got me. I can't whistle... but I CAN train birds.
Current statistics from the American Diabetes Association show that 25.8 million children and adults have diabetes.
She didn't know what she was missing. Her loss! :-)
But I took your matches, before fire could catch me so dont, look, now..
Bed all day, sure :)
My vegan lunch was both unintended and delicious.
Congrats to CB Richard Ellis on being named to the prestigious "Companies that Care" honor role for the 4th consecutive year!
lmfao! florida will be the best thing that's ever happened to them. shoot.
happy first day of fall.. and happy Friday!!!
New Orleans Fried Pies -Apple -Lemon -Peach -Pineapple -Chocolate -Coconut -Banana www.hubigs.com
Time to stop the music and eat food…
College: Arkansas fans rally to 'save' embattled Petrino The scandal surrounding Bobby Petrino has divided Razorbacks fans, with many su
you can do it if I can! which has perhaps not been established.
Must remember, despite all frustration, to not eat the marshmallow.
sweet lol i get TSA issues all the time. strobes in a pelican transport case look like warheads and I transport a gun also
you just go to a gas station and apply for one
From Kentucky with LOVE !!!! You are the Best !!! Merry Christmas !!!
It's so good. I just finished Issue #9 earlier today. Really captivating stuff.
A big thanks to and along with Tyler Ryan and Dan Sundam for the great storytelling tonight!
ok i gotcha :)
Don't mind me for the rest of the week..I'll just be crying for the rest of the time in in high school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Maybe you should give a copy of "Walt's Greatest Worship Moves" DVD. Then again.....maybe not! :-)
Got upset with my mom cause she won't let me go to the show so shes taking me to get my belly button pierced.
What must it take to remain employable. I look at want ads and freeze up. T_T
We routinely take passengers to and from sporting events, parties, other airports, concerts, casinos, etc. Call Today 248-971-3100
Twitter aint benn on here in a while wats goin on tweeters
well we gotta hang =)
Great interview.
why do i get in trouble if i try that?
RT : A setback is a setup for your comeback! Press on!
Thanks for the shout out! :)
You would make my day if you came to tomorrow night!!
Now that livin life Grouch Much Love. Real
Get your business a FREE directory listing on www.MyBizXchange.com!
- why so buggy? Rather than launching new products, can you fix the ones you already have?
We are twin sisters from another mother :)
no! to me talking to other peoples bf's makes me feel like im stealing them or something. some people can be mean about it.
RT : What if we could learn to think, act and communicate like those who inspire?
Today is the 22nd. And I thought it was like the 14th. But we just celebrated my mom's bday on the 16th...
RT : BREAKING NEWS: DOJ, FBI opens investigation into #trayvon Martin shooting
It's pouring here in downtown Austin. Great day to stay indoors and watch college basketball and independent films!
cant wait i lovbe u more than u can even imagine Justin love love love:)<3$!!!!
our newest wholesale customer in canada: "I received the box. The #alpaca accessories are beautiful, I'm very happy. The design is great and
ayo air head ho! I kno nicki use to be a rapper I said I use to be a fan of Fendi*cough cough*i meant nicki
Sure you don't want to come back for 1 more week? Might be something interesting going on next week. Good luck anyways
do you want to come over tonight after work & go thru my shit?
Thanks weedmaps for your support of Stop the Ban!
Forgot to mention
Vinny, You're legit amazing. You think you could follow me? I would very much appriciate it<3
I have to see the avengers today.... not waiting anymore
Happy Monday Thanks so much for the #SHOUTouts - Have a stellar day!
Dude, but Nanda is their daughter too. They can't take turns to baby sit, and stay with Nanda? :/
Let's wait for the other contestants! #TobeRevealed lol
Ok we're ready for you Mr. Berlin!
sounds likes a gud plan
That'd make sense!
Hope you didnt bring your 11-year old to the Kelly show.
stop lying I didn't say I wasn't going!!!
You may be working out, but you have No Idea until you workout with me.
because you have huge tits
I don't like chocolate so I think I'm biased.
Thats fine. Ashley was thinking ice cream?
Enjoying a wind down with some à Deux red tonight. It's just an easy going red that you can pick up anytime at a reasonable price.
Omg Basketball Wives lmao
Promise me, that no matter how famous you get, you won't forget about your Mahomies.<3 We love youu.(;
I have to be a nicer person today in real life, now that I've been a jerk on Twitter.
There can be only one.
At the 5th and K location of Bus Boys & Poets. Its at 4:30
Local las vegan's. For the month of May say TOPTIONAL at our entrance for free entry. Men, gentlemen, playas, ladies, girls, and women! ;-)
welcome to America! So glad you are here, can't wait to have you home in Phila.
Headed to Galveston, TX! Playing at The Loading Dock tonight. Big Bike Rally - should be wild!
00042 Thu 12jan12 . Clock in 2253p . No broadcast - building panel for reinstatement of di Suvero's Artists' Tower of Protest
Hope you all had a great thanksgiving
I was truly inspired by the MJ service today...what I already knew about his life and what I learned. Thank You MJ
yeahh i know lol.=] his twitter is iconicholicious or sumtin like that
The best dinners are when I have to put my hair up & take my bracelets off.
in general? Or for being cowboys and hippies? Or for tweeting? Wither the mockery?
One design challenge (for anyone) with subject lists of DBs: how best to spotlight core/most useful DBs.
Brats on the Weber will be happening this evening.
thank you! :)
Well, good morning world! Not quite sure what's happening.
Tell me I need to write.
hahahaha okay I won't tweet abt #PLL anymore for your benefit ;) I love Ezra & Aria together!!
Miss USA 2012 to be held on June 3 but it is still not confirmed that it'll be in Miami. #missusa 2012
If my desk wasn't so big and my office wasn't on State St., I'd move it outside right now. Maybe should get a patio permit.
how was the audition ?
Great coffee today at with my lady. Sorry I missed ya !
I'm playing at the High Dive in Fremont on 7/17/2011 with Fortune Dwellers & The Fabulous Party Boys come out and get your Sunday groove on!
len start busting out some 10's!! they have been deserved SEVERAL times this season! give donald driver a TEN cranky judge!
Lottery lover finds stories in his tickets
LOL. too funny! How have you been?
devils double... Sick movie! Wish I had a double!
"You are the light of the world. A city on a hill cannot be hidden." ~ Matthew 5:14 Be encouraged to be that light, somehow, today :)
Indeed! RT : Measuring a company on money raised is useful. Measuring them on money earned is more so.
Probably not.
If you followed me for UMass lax coverage Wed. night, you should follow birthday boy tonight. He's got coverage of tonight's game.
Peein' like a pregnant woman since 1991.
There's nothing better than a lady who supports her man being... A MAN! Big DOM salute to you!
you know what I would love for my birthday. For you to move that cursor right under my name. and click follow...that's it.
Worst day to go to walmart
Great presentation on tourism by Lieut. Gov. Bill Bolling at the Virginia Hospitality & Travel Association Summer Mtg vhta.vayamobile.com
ayekidrauhl's photo (null)
DailyHookahTip#148: Smokers cough? Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha. It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
See you there
Happy Thursday new followers: , and
Group discounts available for upcoming shows perfect for junior high n below age 6145057 for info
there is snow falling in haymarket
If you're blaming Lebron for why the heat lost u have no clue about basketball n should never be allowed to speak again
Any other college kids think that moving your room back to normal at the end of the year is exactly like playing 'Unblock Me'...
Drinking <U+E047> at the pool > studying for my test tmrw
RT : Songdo - entire city networked, running city based upon networked information - all Cisco products?
New photo/avatar: a colonial (1730s) American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut - "Value Me as You Please"
lucky!!! Cheese!!
wonderful! So glad you enjoyed Locals' Night at CHI! :)
you can say that they had a weak lineup, but this Vancouver team is far from "last year's bottom feeders"
"There are lot of pretenders, some contenders, but not very many closers, pressure reveals what you are." wisdom of Johnny Miller
I'm not close at all but you can certainly crash with me!
you should defiantly do it, cuz I'm positive there's nothing ur bad at
I could really care less at this point..
No doubt RT 3.5 seconds = 5 seconds on the West Coast
TGIF! Is anyone seeing live music this weekend?
Breaking out. This ish is for the birds.
Good call. RT Watermelons for practice.
Gotta have it
All these chicks they getting raunchy at the same damn at
Don't mess with me when I'm in this mood. Please don't. Unless you want your head ripped off
Thanks Chris! RT : I gave +Karma about internships to the future on
thank God
You're adorkable :)
Happy Birthday to ! Hope you have a great one.
A lot of bitches with muk faces on my tL
WTF is the move today?
idk how i feel about this...
Way to even up the series !
Great presentation last night! Got really good takeaways. which I will be implementing immediately.
I've gotten too comfortable...
great foundation. Along with having a Pro white smile!
Didn't the last game start w/ a Thornton 3??
Do you think the celebrities see my tweets? O.o
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Of a sort. With a squat rack. :)
Applied to Google, signed up for Pinterest & finished presentation for "Social Media Marketing Designed for Youth Outreach" for tomorrow.
I really like shopify as an e-commerce solution plz report back on difficulty of implementing designs
Ronnie Lee Twist and the Future Cats getting ready to do Rockabilly show at The Vintage Car show Bellevue Nashville! My first tweet!
Have you ever slept under a stack of radio logs on fireworks night?
What like 10th parking ticket this year idc charge it to my bursar
and your amazing fans got it trending. #HappyBirthdayMGK <3
Ice creams in Reeth :)
It's on the countdown for Give 2 Max!
Blue Air Forces, blue Levi's, blue Burberry coat, blue Dodger fitted, white T tho...
so true!
- I love this song! It reminds me of my 7th grade crush! Lol.
I am not smart enough to understand the replace Justin Beiber songs with lemons. Can someone explain?
Out of at least a total of 24750 bands of all genres on the global charts Rainline sits steady at 7,639. Not bad for a local rock band.
But forreal though....there's this guy, he keeps me smiling : ) <3
good point about how as writing instructors we've forgotten the value of group feedback related to peer review
All beers have heads; only ours have brains'
i love you Justin :)
Last day at dowling for 9 months. I'm so excited.
I know right. I have the most amazing life and friends (online).
Agree. If there can be a family/business TSA line, should be similar for black coffee/every other coffee drink line.
that is great! I'm so proud of you! I know you're going to do big things!!!
I conquered India, Africa, Canada, Australia, invaded Russia, Prussia and founded the first colony. Legit.
We are happy to announce that Oakland Arts Pittsburgh will be joining the Oakland Farmers Market on Friday August 26th from Noon--5 p.m.!
It's gonna be a fun trip to the war zone today, I can tell already
Love expands. ~ Hugh Prather
hate to tell you this...but no.
#rant people who have macbook pros and only use them for facebook
Do you think you can handle me?.
Hahah, I knew it would come down to this.
Dear Celebrity Crush, I think our relationship is at that point where you should learn about my existence :]
Night got better once the break dancers came out to play!
RT : Great user experience does not exist at the expense of your profits. Profits exist because you made the investment in great...
Seriously Michigan WTF
I just found out my membership to your website expired, I will have to wait until friday to renew it. :(
Loving the power of the punnani in music lately .. thanks Adele,Rihanna & Taylor swift :p (the girliest tweet from me in a min :p. )
Got my oil change on!...finally...thanks to Andy & the boys at Good Year in Champlin!!
"Save the drama for Obama."
always too crowded.
it just became the even HAPPIER than Happiest Place on Earth! :)
Where were you when my walls came falling down?
Look forward to seeing you again so soon, what a treat. #ewomen2010 here we come.
What #ESP does everyone use? I'm frustrated with my current provider and am thinking about switching to #MailChimp or
I need to get more than one tufted titmouse, then. Thanks for the tip! :-)
What's happening with the Helen Hayes Theatre?
a true boyfriend= one you've been friends with for a while, one who doesn't cheat on u, and one who will still be ur friend when u break up.
Sometimes you read an email and you just have to LOL, literally.
Scratchy is done! : Best news of the day: Gus the annoying spokesgroundhog for the PA lottery has been given a pink slip!
Feeling inspired and happy and so full of gratitude!
I haven't been on twitter for like forever!
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
I finished reading the book Appreciation Marketing! It was great!
I CANT WAIT<3
on a lighter note, what an inning for our offense
I heart everyone
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time...
Are you coming home for Thanksgiving?
He loves his hookers I guess! ha
Now I need to go check out the Reagan Presidential Library & Museum just to see GuideCam in action!!!
We're in New Smyrna Beach getting stoked. You should be here!
Where can I get a job like that?
ok ill do but u follow me too ;)
to annoy my mom I just walk into the same room as herRT bored so to annoy mom I dropped my pants & rubbed my butt agnst her
Can't Wait!MT : Looking forward to speaking CITGE May 18. Must give the audience something to chew on for SM metrics.
I no! Computers are so stupid sometimes! Lol :)
Peacha n I will meet you there! (that was so wrong)
Graduation is in exactly four weeks!
I love that place. I'm in desperate need of a nail appointment-can no longer do it myself! Have fun!
Thanks for the RT!
Watching hearth cooking going on in the restored kitchen at Thomas Jefferson's Monticello on TV. Too bad I don't have "smellavision"!
she always used to say 'i'm gonna kick you. through the goal posts of life!' in her class!
aww no problem!
So many interesting people at CFR tonight.
RT if you think is: HOT Follow me if you think he belongs with: I love these 2…they wit each other!!!
Wow from 2011 NBA champions to possibly being swept in the first round.
welcome! And yess(:
your one of a kind. & I like that (;
Thank you! We certainly think we can :)
RT "Any type of project based learning hits on competencies, relevancy & rigor, supports differentiation" lol props:
ole fat ass go make your own sandwich
Looks fun, thanks!
So hard to read music off an iscreeny. . . #2012problems btw I write & review music online let me know about anything you do/like.
Lol, really? I got them like a year ago! I need a new pair. My boots go through everything with me haha. <U+2665>
Working on more glass today. Going to try making some ombre pieces!
#thankfulforATL because I am a faggot like that.
Barbara, PLZ attend congress briefing on #homelessness. contact Katie Seit . LETS END CA #homelessness! housing!
Time to be serious. No more games. ALL BUSINESS!
thanks for the #FF love!
construction began on a 49-unit development in the BX, the first time in years that public housing has been built on private NYC land
So nervous for Eric right now - he's taking his oral exams for his MA thesis! One step closer to GRADUATION. XD
A2: Uncommon Ground is pretty low key and is a nice plan to dine.
I love
I'm ready!
Yo dis little Sixth Grade girl got the nerves to tell me I'm too young to be in love. Girl Bye!!
Listen to the FIUSM sports staff Monday mourning on from 10-11 a.m. for a Panther Sports Talk Live special, Mad Monday!
ha I just watched the If You Can't Hang vid and it reminded me so much of our convos :P
#anygivensunday maybe best #football movie of all time and
what a great article, my friend! So happy for you!:)
Bored , text.
Hi do you have any interesting #PR stories?
I hate it when someone start texting & they randomly stop after like 4 txt . It's like why did you text me?
If only knew how much i love him. Maybe hed follow me. Becuz i love him so much
My throat is gonna kill me : (
Gigs coming up- www.3sgiants.com, www.elbybrass.com! Don't believe I'll be able to play for Sun., I'll be in WV on Sat.! Go anyway, have fun
Hey Laney You forgot to log out of your Twitter on my laptop haha well I love you girl! Glad I have one REAL friend,you! - (:
I've taken both over summer courses. I always prefer on campus but taking both helps motivate you to get your online work done
If you see me later today please don't ask about my hair. My head hurts so I had to remove anything that wasn't hair ie hairtie, bobby pins
Signed and left a comment
isn't that your wrestling name?
reporting that will opt out of contract with #Blazers and test free agency next season.
Please follow her NOW please(; >>>>
until this day like I said since manning bs screw irsay
The reason I don't get notification on my youtube account of ...
Wow, 2 HOFers. A real star-studded event!
We love you guys so much:-) Keep it going!! You need to do something in Orlando soon!! I miss your guys faces:D Hahaha
So George Karl, can we not start Koufus in Game 3? It would be greatly appreciated
new head shots for my very talented redheaded middle child... he is soo handsome and the camera loves him so
I love cheetos too!
July 4, 1776: the day that we <U+FFFD>unfollowed<U+FFFD> King George
Lunch at Lottie's starts next week. A theme & great deal for every day! Monday is $5 Martini lunch Mondays.
MISS YOU GUYS!
- I know for a fact there was a reason for asking this... As I have woken up am now not as drunky pants I can't remember
what took u so long wtf ;)
Be BOLD to Live a life of your own. Be CONFIDENT to pull off anything. Be GRATEFUL for Everything. And Keep Doin YOU!!.
I miss the Michael Scott comedy humor from The Office. He always makes me smile.
#NeverForget me :D
He's been a seattle staple for a while, the "it gets better"movement is great ": I'm a big fan of good person "
thnx for following for my unprofessional tweets follow me
I don't know what compelled me to look at the tongue photos. Please tell me the majority of those were photoshopped! Skeevies.
She is the shit.
I'll come! Wait when's may long?
And still ain't finished .
Have you been following our tweets this last week? A lot of great training resources like openers, energizers, small group ideas...
Writing session with Bryan Austin:))
Fashion fades, but style is eternal
- I happen to be rocking my #Supernatural shirt. It has the Metallicar on it.
There's pictures of him drunk with girls all around him.
I made a CD with Whitney and Michael...I'll make you a copy!
do you think i should get pizza. i am considering it, but i just took a nap.
I love my bed
Warning: All you can eat Sushi at Go Fish on Tuesday nights does have a down side. I feel like a beached whale!
Here's me # so call me maybe...
#FollowFriday Black Friday Shopping
And I am hoping that all have a great weekend and keep their walk shoveled n'at.
Preds capitalize off a turnover with a field goal by Mark Lewis. 17-7 Predators!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen I drop a plate in the lunch room and the entire cafeteria claps...
PS As of two days ago I fell in love with this "twitter" business. haha
coffee. donuts. stat.
OK, better answer: start > type "adjust commonly used mobility setting". Look for the Fn key lock.
Seems and are both playing Lilith Fair this year. Really hoping both will be in Atlanta. Cross fingers.
I spent over $350 on the books I'm turning in today. Think I'll get more than $50 back?
What a dummy.
This world is a better place cuz you're in it. U inspire me & make me pee my pants with laughter.
SueroViv yet? I still haven't so every time I see FedEx or UPS I wonder... could this be it?
Why are east coast women that difficult? West coast women are the best.
RT : Authors experience event are best ; we'll be more & more dependent on those without experience over time.
yippee you are home! xoxo
Louis is about to get this FOOT!
You're now sitting down a few rows back yes?
How's everyone's morning going so far
Goes to show that it pays to be honest.. Yes that's intended to be a pun.
no veggies? Chicken is also rare in our house. Sounds like rice cooker is not in our future.
A wonderful book, cup of tea, and a cold rainy night makes for a wonderful night.
you know I am (;
You cannot fight everyone but you can make everyone die of laughter
Does anyone tweet? We do. Follow us on Twitter.
I just texted you back, duh! <U+E404>
#FF - progressive American sportswear
it is my job!
OMG DID YOU SEE THAT?? WHO'S 22??
Sleep can wait, champions don't sleep past 8
for fancy, Virago. For middle price, Ken's. For cheap, tasty and surly (for newcomers) Sam's on Printer's Alley downtown.
were u with those group of people when blake hopped out the car and started dancing haha
The ' kick-ass #recycling saves them $50,000 each year by cutting their waste hauls in half since 2007
Thanks to for their submissions today! Makes us incredibly happy. :)
I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...I shouldn't be up this early...
Killed the cat
Ay man im 15yrs old you thiink i can take creatine or am i gonna fuck my shit up? you kno im a Young Thannng pls reply
Thanks for caring so much you fucking asshole.
Welcome. Just so you know, there are at least 100 places to dump a body just in Baltimore.
Congrats for being recognized for their Outstanding Scholarship Plan at the Annual Greek Awards!
thanks for the follow - love your website!
We're not official tweeters for but and I are in!
I can't believe Tony Sopranos wife just killed little Billy whatshisname from Greenday
Goals make analytics useful.
never got into The Boss. every time i see him play i wonder why Syl from The Sopranos is playing with him...
. Turkey humor is hard to get just right. The worst is when it's too dry. *rimshot*
This BITCH just yelled at me doe
Canadian modifier? That's racist dude, but it wouldn't be half the factoid without it ;)
Cover story in wednesdays TO Sun goes a long way to explaining why TO not a good venue for world class sports events like the PanAm Games
keep on readin i aint quitting
We are all a product of our past choices. Therefore, if we choose differently we will be different.
#WhenIWasLittle I use to listen to Coollio
Especially the big 3 to end the half! They got buckets last night
Happy birthday to our one and only awesome capt! Live long and prosper, Amen!
I guess I missed out on me and kellers famous hey tells last night
o“: are they choc.chip pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream?!??” }} orgasm
Deaf people should not be in charge of doing the sound for a show I'm all for equal opportunity but dam the sound man never got it right.
NRA Convention this week: signing books, singing the National Anthem, and performing at various sanctioned events... I love my job!
If you couldn't meet me in Louisville, there's now way I'm driving to Hunstville.
Yeah it's at my grandma's
yess.boo hope.to.c u.2 morrow.funds provided
RT : To produce extraordinary #results, develop the habit of doing what you don't want to do.
it is not a lie. I'm about to call your father, what would he think? Hm? Hm? Hm???
Solar energy is an inexhaustible fuel source that emits zero pollution and zero noise.
Just had to use algebra to solve a second graders homework. Wut the deuce???
Pretty sure your not suppose to be 20 years old with a son living with your parents and younger sister, but hey I didn't fuck up my life..
and just like that, everything changed.
I'm still playing catch up in the spreadsheet mines, so I'm gonna get some work done.
S/O to the speed dating group at #EVilla yesterday. We hope some connections were made!!!!!
! Is it the one You wanted ?! (SendingBigLove.)
This video will be so fuckin live man.
oh gotcha but yea I can't go I have an event for my internship
Baltimore's children - the true jewels of our city.
happy thanksgiving to all you wonderful tweeters :) muahhh
it's just so ridiculous!
WHERE ARE ALL UR COVERS?!!!!
you know memphis inside out! Keep me posted on the scene. I know you going to that Sade concert and Jill is right after!
I cannot believe sully sullenberger is at the
: just to me :( ... well, gives me a reason to go walk around the block!
Don't know what took so long but finally hopped on the #glee bandwagon thanks to
Maybe the Tigers can get Fernando Rodney back to add to the madness
I spy and ahead of me in the cattle herding process that is #SXSW badge pickup.
Hey yall..I hope everyone has been well and blessed!:)
Need metrics for chairs to better evaluate quality of DL courses. Yes.
: "...REAL issues..." What the world needs now is peace and love. Nothing wrong with a good ol' convo.
Had a BU Short Film audition this evening! You know it's going well when they reconfirm your availability :)
Memphis has always been a basketball town but I believe Memphians are finally embracing the team.
nah heats!
Shout outs to and thanks for following us!
I did
Grill officially--and successfully--tested! Yum!
Update: My kitten caught the fly and if currently eating it.
It's hotter than a dick in my room.
Yep tasty! Glad I have another option aside from Redbridge & Bard's. I hear rumors more G-free beers r a' comin.
Be sure to pick ip the May/June 2011 issie of Detroit Black Pages newspaper to hear some useful insight from Kurt Metzger.
Not Really
School orientation is in a week. Where did summer go?? :/
It's just as bad in the US, with right-wing conservatives...male, of course...thinking they know what's best for women.
lost? follow me! (;
Thanks to for the great suggestions for my audition today! It's great to have you as a coach!
We are extremely proud to announce a major milestone for : 3000 clients served in Philadelphia since July!
Thanks for the mention.
3 miles and felt completely fine. I could have done more but I was scared to run at night alone.
Internet guest pass for patron from France.
I'll take it! Jk I don't need a man I'll fix this shit myself i go to school to fix cars for fucks sake
Just got stalked by a guy who wanted to sell me something it Waz a grown man in girlz scout costume D:
Shit, KY won the National Title tonight? I was paying more attention to Miami chanting "Yes! Yes! Yes!" nonstop for on
good one!
yup, I can see now why state abbrev. is confusing. Thnx for clarifying :-)
yea its my fault I let this shit get this far to where I gotta play catch up
Thank you for this amazing day!
hurry home tonight sweetie
Just drove by the zombie apocalypse store. That is awesome.com
They still want to make cuts to Paramedic program?
#Pamela&Chase. I miss them!!
Shit happens sometimes that makes you think, what the fuck am I doing with my life cuz it could end now...
wheres the bacon?
the ipad is not all it's cracked up to be. it's fun, sure, but you always wish it would just do what you need it to.
happy Birthday Mac Miller<3
Two words "See ya!" MT : Greece to Germany: 'Pay our bills forever or we'll quit the Euro'
Driving back to NorCal, listening to nothing but the only thing keeping me awake
awh thanks girl love and miss you.(:
Wall is ballin with 6 assists already
Aside: my paper has your guy Dexter in it now, too. Surprising results.
drastically reduce plastic usage!
7 miles on a 7:50 pace to start my day. Wednesday, bring it on!
Bobble heads? That is so lame.
The Circle of Sorcerers: ebook available #kindle #Nook #smashwords. Print editions soon.
Today is National Weather Person Day. has been leaving subtle hints all morning. I forgot to buy a gift.
lol no sorry.
Life is an echo; all comes back, the good, the bad, the false, and the true. So give the world the best u have & the best will come back
bring back Good Eats #foodnetwork ! I need the help with my chemistry homework.
m-kay... I can totally see myself jacking up my settings doing this, but hey, I'll try anything once.
Sweet! Make love not warcraft :)
These have been the best two days of my life!
man, i love i could sing a song to him and pet hi barber shop pole (; JUST KIDDING
Just got done with the show. 230am. Not even tired. Tomorrow is going to be fun.
#MyDreamFor2012 Thwart the "end of the world" thing, save 2013, get famous, act the fool, lose everything, become infamous.
RT Woke up 2 hours late. Very grateful for a connected workplace. I actually logged in and started working 30 mins early.
Now's the time to switch off trolls like you. Bye bye bigot
lol that's unfortunate, where you from?
Seal of approval? MT : Now that I've had my pre-run beers and meatloaf I'm ready to f____ up this night.
aw she looked good with long hair
Sharon Giesfeldt Van Ruiswyk does ORAGAMI at the Jazz Gallery, and Sue Browne BOMBS the outside with YARN. How on Earth can you miss that?!
Heading out to see "The Watchmen". Go commerce!
Yeah, wait til he finds out what we're all really doing here...
I hate feeling this way...
< Thx so much, I'm in great company!!
oh I'll be down to play. I'm excited to try it!
Melo can close games sorry bro
Will Philly have the lowest turnout in past 20 years of general mayoral elections? Between 4 & 11% as of noon. Lowest before that was 27%.
your so amazing and so very pretty I hope I get to meet u again on march14 for my birthday:-)
We agree! /cc
Damn lmao my name be in every body mouth at fountain like damn aha make a book for me why don't you :)
How do I get in touch w/ #Forever21's corp. Marketing/Promotions Dept.?
Eat before u go to the grocery store, but Don't drink and then go to the liquor store.
I notice you're giving a different kind of #Mother'sDay sermon on 5/8: #infertility Looking fwd to hearing it
its like messi's and pique's goal against real madrid......beautiful back heel!
Watched Dark Shadows Yesterday with the boyfriend.Now today Cook out with the aunt bringing him to meet her c:
Next weekend may 5 ... #artsinthepark , #obamaRVA , #GoDiscoverRICHMOND, book sale at the richmond library, and
RT Do you see a Mayweather / Pacquiao fight in the distance?
love it!
Get ready to shake that ass! is coming to Seattle August 10th.
Metta world peace need to elbow westbrook or Kevin durrant
Hey Dave, when will you be in town again. Rodgers will be her in March - maybe we could all meet up.
thanks Clement! Hope you are having a nice weekend~
I know I was just really hard on them the last couple of days! lol
It will be available in US?
are you doing the facts today?
love california days like this!!
Did attend the #dolan presser? I guess that's even rarer than
Tonight, Maybe We're Gonna Run. Dreaming Of The Osaka Sun, Dreaming Of When The Morning Comes. - Lovers In Japan (Coldplay)
Like it matters. A win is a win.
As long as his batting average is over my weight, it's all good. Besides, his D is making a difference.
Love Sundays!!!!
Who's excited for it's less then a month away :)
Okay good one, well you never know, my creative endeavors does involve creating my own products, & Detroit is the ideal place.
thanks for the RT!
I wish ppl would stay and hear God's message.
See ya later Monday, you're not all that bad.
Ok Well What Do U Think About Performing For Fredonia College? My Sister Goes There n They Have A End Of The Year Show
Nice one handed grab by Dan Majerle! Get than man a glove!
As per usual a good chat w this AMhas awoken me from a moment of despair and slumber.
Why so bitter, Truvia? Oh, I get it. You're trying to wean me off the gauche practice of sweetening my coffee. Thanks, it's working.
Thanks for the follow Have a good one!
You know... it might be time to upgrade the old cellphone when it just dies for no apparent reason...
Dang what happened to her?
#Dedication & #Motivation gave'em motive 2 hate me!
": foreal bro?" Hell yea wish I wouldnt have taken mine out
There is no rush to greatness! So while the world is in a rush I'm gonna use my time to try to be perfect!
My official response to the Magic Mike trailer: jhhsddhsysgsjsyged
Hahahaha! I ate two glazed last night. Halfway through the second one I yelled, "Hell yes!" Hahahaha. :)
#ItsOkayToCheatif you're dating a 7- and the side girl is atleast 3 points higher. For example, you can cheat on a 5 with an 8.
Ever wanted to ask Pres. Madison something? My pal is meeting him tonight. Ask with ->
Hope everybody had a safe and enjoyable Independence Day. Did you cook up something tasty? Let us know...share a recipe if you want...
Every problem in ed has been solved by someone someplace before.
The only difference between a rich person and a poor person is how they spend their time-Robert Kiyosaki
lets just say the wilderness and I weren't the best of friends... o and mosquitos consider my blood a rare fluid of the gods
Q: Why should you never iron a 4-leaf clover? A: You don't want to press your luck. Wishing everyone a Happy St. Patrick's Day!
A mother's love never ends...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
6 am power lifting followed by Thornton then class then practice.. Man this is catching up to me
so _that's_ why my BART ride smelled like a Bacon Cheeseburger the last time I was there.
Checking out the reverb page showing support. follow back.
u can get a watch offa mi TV...Lol :-)
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
yup just about to pass st.Louis
I dont really like her that much
hope so.... Its my first time
Shouldn't Thee Oh See have released 4 albums by now for the year? I'm worried.
#OHYOUDIDNTKNOW you could use for #free conference calling? Now you do!
Julius mays hays
do u know y the power went out?
Came w/ speed through neutral zone and snapped it past Bryzgalov before he could even react.
& Thanks, I appreciate that RT : You're welcome, &amp; your date was a BEAUTY!
Nice work on mentioning bowling game, and how he hates to lose at anything
quit trying to be me
Twitter pussy is my FAV pussy! ;)
Please stop just tweeting all these depressing stats and give some solutions.
i asked a question?
You forgot to mention RT Have you tweeted for #MKETwestivalCares yet? Help
yeah..why?
2 schools of thought: Bring me a #GinAnd7. Do it
that's exactly what I need it for :) mentioned it a tweet this morning LOL and they actually replied LOL!
I'm gonna miss you at the NSN concert tonight! But I can't wait to go to one of your concerts sometime :D
Lend me you're headphones so I know its real.
2 weeks of school left, but still tons of work? :( why?
nj cure auto insurance quotes | Quote Backgrounds
ya i mean i love both teams but damn thats cool Packs 11-0 but got love for NY :)
Omg Jocelyn is always taking off her diapers and leaving them everywhere!
Congratulations Katherine Toms, winner of yesterdays game score challenge! Thanks to everyone who participated- what a high scoring game!
Doggystyle, by an inch RT : Better album: The Chronic or Doggystyle?
We have a new Facebook page! Look up Portland Pearl Rotary and like us for news and updates and what we're up to in the community
Kinda hungry... What to eat lots of things to chose from... Oreos yumm
I cannot wait until 2012. We need 2 new senators for Tennessee.
Mind mapping museum technologies
follow his sister. Thank you though. c:
jury duty today!!! they sent letter after letter if i dont go it's a fine or jail what do i do?
#L'Enfant! Its Ficelle weather today. Hope to see you all today!
We're pumped for you to be here!
I'm already smiling:-)
Idk why I go out of my way for you.
The clouds r rolin n like the cocaine I found on my Neighbs fridge. Polar Popsicles and lunch once again with snap dat turtle
welcome Cafe41 to the neighborhood & twitter :) we r right down the street from john street dorms!College friendly prices & deals
Don't bother apologizing if you're just going to continue doing the things you said sorry for.
I AM!
most of the time I laugh at your tweets, but there are moments that I'm just like dafuq. this is one of those moments.
Getting my nails done for tonight! ;)
Tonight i drank a bit too much, lived a little too large. When i wake tomorrow i will not be tired.
RT : In Waltham 4 Info Cloud Summit w/ best & brightest of & Hitachi. unlock value of content owned by enterprise
An institution's history (as EU's will convey in such a case study) evolves but must be disseminated, digitally anymore, so truer forms...
#np King of Anything-Sara Bareilles
I have gotten So many emails about supporting gay marriage...we all knew he was getting to it!
I think Rubio will end up a better defender due to his positioning and active, long arms. Distributes ball better too.
Oh...most assuredly.
Got a lot to get done. Time to get moving!
I truly enjoy watching David Robertson pitch. Real fans will be patient. Bandwagon fans are already aruging for Cashman to make a trade
So cool!
holy cow some one else is awake at this awful hour? it must be
Thanks Sarah!! RT : I've been to a few times now and I love it! cc:
good talk though - thanks!
We'd bring a pen. would bring a sword.
I need him and love #<3
you should collaborate with
rude spam - poor behavior to claim it was our RT.
sitting on some OG....that's west coast.
Who's watching #Wrestlemania?
RT How long you guys gonna talk about "famous girl" and when you guys gonna realize they are not getting back together!!!
GO WATCH #BOYFRIENDOFFICIALMUSICVIDEO NOW ITS OUT ! <3
he needs a better pd
I know this is really delayed (twitter learning curve) but we'd love to do an interview!
/ Thanks! We see BUZbuz becoming a viral, games-based social marketing channel for global brands that doesn't exist today.
and Steve McQueen!
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate shiten in public places...
cccollab got hacked & deleted. omfg. NO THIS IS NOT HAPPENING. NO. all of logan's videos on there are gone ):
What should we listen to today?
and I'm in Wisconsin. Blondes are serious business here.
Really dodging a bullet in AZ, WAS SUPPOSSED TO RAIN, BUT YAY!!!
Steve, thanks for the Rts today.
Can u see how cool it will b when Trove helps u plan ur next off-site? Great themed facilitation w/ grp. activities.
Yo mama so nerdy, she thought breastfeed was an RSS!
Better late then never :) Good Luck* Got the feeling it's gonna be a lot of work.
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 3
Can Girls be put into the "Friend-zone"?
I saw an author who stole coffee everyday, that wasn't theirs from Starbucks. You obviously know how important coffee is at conf!
#nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie! She really took care of and his voice! Well done!
OK let me know when u free
Sorry Clay, that tweet went out early -- the badge can be earned during the Fest!
Thank you. Yes I do my own artwork. Do you sell via Smashwords to Barnes & Noble? If so, is it successful?
I hope the PDF viewing has been improved. That's the main reason I put my 2G (RIP) Kindle away. No way to resize PDF text.
‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s just sent one of his party to find Corinne True, whose son Davis died last night.
Had my First Track WorkOut In A while bout to make a Lowkey come back, track coach Got Me Signed up already for summer Track meets
better than Christmas!? Thanks!! Enjoy your sweet potato pancake!
To my dearest followers, lovers of spoken word and of guttural laugh: please follow
Getting ready for work
If you have a facebook (which is kind of a duh) go like this!!! facebook.com/DeathbeatJam
It's annoying when twitter reposts your tweet like 6 times in a row. To me and you too, I'm sure.
In Bulgakov's novel and Carnival/Mardi Gras, the Devil represents chaos, fun, and abandonment of the rules.
No Instagram handle. Just my own:
Hanging out on McKinley Beach for
The vow is a great movie!!
I don't have time to play these stupid games.
you don't have more than half of all programs losing money every year.
We are notifying you all that it's FRIDAY! Have a wonderful day, drop by for a visit and a chat!
Sorry, I'm busy walking my fish.
Many thanks to my lovely accountant and wife, Jane-Ellis Griggs, who submitted our taxes yesterday.
have a great weekend ! Let us know if we could be of service to your building once a month!
#20ThingsAboutMe; 17. I don't agree with the homosexual lifestyle, but I wouldn't call any gays out as long as they're not hitting on me.
Kay just thinks she's better than
I wanna go to Sounders game. Anyone?
Always nice seeing our Swoop! Thanks for coming out last night for show! RT : save me a seat!!
"attitude reflects leadership, captain"
Just learned I am headed to Bangkok for an industry conference in mid-November. Exciting times!
In honor of spinning at Dell's VIP event at #NBMBAA. Let me know your favorite S&P song. I already told you mine!
Haha exactly!! Ha night=]
Cant wait until this day is over!!!!!!!!!!!
niggas think its a game… got me messed up
YOU FOLLOW ME ? WHY I UNFOLLOW YOU IF YOU NO FOLLOW ME
South. Im meeting the rents in north carolina for vaca then comin to ny for a couple days/graduation
Blended classes can become class and a half with all the bells & whistles available
Grey, rainy mornings are hard enough - but waking up sick to your stomach just adds insult to injury...or injury to insult?
hey buddy.
There is a fly in my bedroom and it is driving me crazy!!
's new album "Artifical Heart" set to release September 2. Counting the days to what will be a day-one purchase.
re: desk I'm sure it has something to do with more or fewer Simpsons figurines, but I've never figured out the actual formula...
effing cancer.
No problem!
": I Know you will .lol"You wnt to meet some where so i can kill you
“: I think our own ID is in constant flux" couldn't agree more. Often wall off my different audiences/facets online #futrchat”
last year, Anzac day march
Does your wife want a face lift?...on your house? Give it to her, and we can help paint your dreams.
Am I the only one who is wondering why Lil Jon is making a comeback @ the AMAs, or did he never leave to begin with and I just didn't care?
I don't know how HN works but I liked the post you made about broad level skills companies need to get value out of their data.
The fact that I'm going to see Ed Sheeran tomorrow....I can't even explain. So much talent rolled all into a 5'7" ginger. He's amazing.
I'm loving it. Doing groovy and grails using Intelli J as my IDE.
go ahead and laugh now I'll put you to sleep later
#TateRousey Rousey is gonna stay undefeated
you have a amazing voice I hope u make it the finals. :) your fan from the usa. I wacth online on thier youtube.
#MadMen SPOILER ALERT: Really, the homely guy on the train doesn't want to sleep with Alexis Bleidel? Ludicrous!
always get ahead of the attack;)
Yeahh keep sleepin on the Pacers
RT if you appreciate your freedom!
Dang! 'Dry clean only' top went thru the washer & dryer. It's so cute now. It could fit a child's doll.
You guys let's try to go ONE day without using the word motherfucker, ok? Let's do it for Mom.
BVEN Boutique GREEN. This week green linen pants, reg price $88 now $59 green tunic top/dress, reg price $44 now $22. Plus all other...
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Musical goes to... HAIRSPRAY,
You're awesome! One of my faves too!! “: Favorite song today? - Sprawl II (check it out yo!)”
my exact point! Gotta work to make something good
Slow going but going well. Today, working out some problems in post-wikipedia anarchist epistemology via weird science metaphors.
#Penguins Thank you for an awesome season!
The mayor nominated Ms. Anne M. Selee, Dr. Cathleen A. Gray, Ms. Velva R. T. Spriggs, Ms. Faith J. Bonner, and Ms. Michelle Y. Rose.
If you don't think farting is funny, fuck you.
oh well. His loss:-P that means more people for us to eat!!!:-D
Preciate all that came out to support #Cous on wed. I will be right back there at the steel rose next wed doin more songs. Fuck wit me!!
You know a game in Houston has gotten out of hand when they start searching for Richie Sexson's dent on the flag pole.
Did u see my last RT? thinks she's the VPs grandaughter
Left pinky finger Blue!!!
Ur right! That's a good thing! :) Gotta' love #HCG RT none! I'm on maintenance, so that's good. Down 110 lbs since Oct, 10...
": Bauer third? Why third not? Second?" I figured id give the proven guys first nod
The pride of Columbus! RT : Big News from Ann Arbor! Trey Burke will be continuing his collegiate career with U-M!
Now following ---- followback?
Great Job tonight!!!
Help us get over 1000 followers! We ask anyone who is truly serious abt making a powerful statement about CSA via film to join us!
RT : Delicious, tender Roasted Beef in Sauerbraten Dinner, spectacular horseradish potato cake; then...Apple Strudel!
Always thought someone should start a site for that. Who sampled who.
Enjoying Mistborn very much. Thanks iyeronic!
Calm down people I was in class and in a hurry to make a point basically there are way too many people without jobs doesn't justify one job
ALMOST TIME!
This day has been great! #STATECHAMPS :)
this year, I just tell people that I thank Jesus for teaching me how to raise hell!! LOL
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
pizza, boobs, and poker always a nice way to end the evening. Company isn't bad either.
He was the creative force behind the Marlins home run celebration...thing.
Thank you. I've enjoyed being a part of the conversation and sharing my vision for true representation of the people.
It ain't how fast you get there, it's how long you plan to stay
I love you, two- grew up a Detroit fan. Old Tiger Stadium with my hard-working day who made time to go to park
The 3rd Day Of School.... So Tired Right Know:/ Gunna Takke A Shower To Wakke Up
-- Right now I am burning my wife's copy of Daft Punk's Discovery. This album is like "Lyrics? F lyrics."
a school w/ multi championships, winning tradition, fcs attendance leader cant get a fbs invite; and some of y'all talked relegation
Laura over here talking bout nothing... How she don't use sunscreen... I don't care right now
buckley jones
The Second Neurotic's Notebook, 1966Money doesn't talk, it swears
They say your freedom isnt worth any amount of money -___-
Aramis with a meaningless rbi double. Couldnt do that when you had bases loaded? Crew down 4-2. (Aram Overrated)
nothing. Just bored. Talking to you know who (;
I'm not sure whether that was a brownie or fudge, but it was delicious
you can't compare them!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 1O,O followers... Follow --> () and she will get you up there instantly!
Module 1 complete - this is going to be one epic #weightloss program. We'll be A LOT closer to our goal of helping 1 million ppl!!
thank you:) youre a cutie
Just gave my son his first haircut, a buzz on #5, without mom's knowledge. I think I may be in trouble.
Makes up for the lack of during season? “: Kinda weird that Seattle was first national and last national game of preseason.”
Today we're shooting the photoshoot scene from episode 5 of Sherry's Kitchen. It's gonna be so much fun!
If you think getting up on Sunday morning is hard...try rising from the dead!
Good to know that I'm not the only dependent on the email to Evernote functionality. :-)
Waiting for the snow to start in SE Denver. No flakes yet.
I want a pair of Supras.
get it inside! Come on Bucky!
#TimeWarnerCable once again I'm not happy w/ u. None of my shows DVRed tonight! Really ?
Wondering the adverse affects of eating every day for work
": wow .. Smh! You use to hit my cousin cousin also & caitlyn!" Hahaha ok I lied only if they deserved it
Awesome, thanks -- we'll check 'em out. Got any more old 4-H friends up your sleeve?
": Summer basketball is heating up...Hicks take it to another level with Rcs sports..". Fasho! U know I will...
Chicago is my kind of town!
"Welcome home son!"
Tears on the mausoleum floor, Blood stains the coliseum doors, Lies on the lips of a priest, Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
Apple just sent me an email that said 'Surprise Mom with the New iPad!' Bitch yea right! I love my mom but not that damn much.
For Big-50, hubs got me 6" heel 4" platform thigh-hi Stripper Boots. EVERYONE should have a pair!
Students take OL courses for convenience but without technology proficiency - what to do?
What your favorite Hollywood movie with a wang shot in it? Let us know!
Just passes scalper with center court tickets for $97 each. Not a bad deal.
Thats bcos every1 here is more sweeter than in real life
Happy birthday to me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
lack of clarity. there are also letters of Muhammad's life from his time, but biography is later. thanks.
Just a blind guess - make sure that you are selecting the reference type first before you make changes.Support can help more.
There's the silver lining!
It's so gray outside. Overcast. :-(
Time and Tide wait for no man, but time always stands still for a woman of thirty. ~ Robert Frost
Woolard: Students are very divided. Someone will be very upset regardless of what we do. Rhetoric has been unnecessarily harsh.
Ayers says the DOE should be commended for their dedication to subgroup accountability
When I first followed, I thought he was Tipping Point :) RT : how did it take me this long to find Tom on Twitter?
sorry you put your trust in others and they let you down
Yup. should have been the 22.
"Your welcome "
problem with that would be that noone outside Bmore would understand 2/3 of it.
I was unaware!
I'm so tired I could eat a horse! ...wait...that's not right.
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits. Lillian Hellman
Ha! RT Two quarters of SuperBowl and the strongest performer is Madonna...
I don't know why but my dad got me into them<3
thanksgiving sucked
Thanks to for selecting us in your poster session for our cloud based #machinelearning system!
Voter reg deadline 12 days away. Get your health care employees to polls. For voter reg drive tips, go to HOSPAC website...
Good morning everyone from school in Florida in the afternoon in my house
Vancouver going to start rioting again?! Congrats LA
DO IT.
no way!! Freaking LA.
new rule=don't eff with good enough.
thought you disappeared
I love Zelda!
gurl, if there was moola that ish would be in your inbox.
You gonna win the #firefly contest?
Ms. Julia R. Brown and Mr. Davey S. Scoon Join Biodel Board of Directors
Want your tracks played? Email us @ #TrackRekahz!!!!
StoryCorps markw stories on scale for "reproducibility for radio." Is there a way to predict this rating based on wave data
Thanks very much.
Going back to my favorite boring old job: translator. not creating texts but reproducing & displacing them; how much do I love & hate it!
Remember, this whole first mvmt is more like a prelude to e rest of the symphony
Almost halfway there: FREE PHOTO SHOOT to whomever refers my 500th follower! Tell everyone you know to follow me for headshot tips & more!
I hope everything goes well with your dad! I'll try to figure out how else to see the film and get back to you. :)
#FridayReads is AMONG OTHERS by Jo Walton. Loved her Small Change trilogy & TOOTH AND CLAW. Not sure what to make of this one yet.
I'm a pro B). You obviously look odd
Overtime !!!! Not sure I can handle this!!!!
Oh, so excited! Stay tuned for photos of our newest models for M/I Cincinnati!
Have leared a lot from teachers using symbaloo at CUE! Great to see the different ways of use. We keep supporting you!
John Francis Dooley wipe the sleep from your eyes and embrace the light.
I would love to :) first "free from show choir" weekend I get, I'll text you!
Shes just deformed!!!
April 27 RT : When are announcements for the American Express Leadership Academy going out?
Girl/the acoustic set is getting talked about the most. And the fact that the guys are phenomenal musicians.
no, but jersey sales mean nothing to me. In fact, proves my point he's overrated. Shoots too much, will go 1 on 5 v. Heat and lose
we can't be friends ._.
I'm not right now -- moved from Boston and need to set up a new box when in settled in California!
very cool, thanks for dining with us this evening you all rock the house
Once I pin down one more Viognier this week - we will rock this #viognier tasting at MissWineOH HQ. Who wants in?
MMG feat T Pain- Bag of money co signed by DJ Jeff Fox debuts 2nite !!!!
": grab somebody sexy tell them HEY((;" ha that's the business ;]
looks great!
My Name Iz_ Loud Pac Luchi Thats But Of Course Off Tha Very Tips Of My Vocal Cords Said Properly Part Ackwardy Cuz My Presence Iz Unorthidox
follow me here please!!!!!! :D
How to find you?
Everyone defines #dating differently...make sure you and your mate are on the same page
a miami heat hug ;) lol
well, true but based on our controlled spending conversation last night it's probably going to happen w/or w/o new hangers.
Watching Gargoyles, one of my favorite cartoons as a kid :) Brings back memories!
Sam Albert is fucking sexy even though his name doesn't sound like he would be. Lmfao
Real eyez, realize, real lies
famine poverty death life
And/or a SS teacher's memoir! RT : "The DBQ of Life"--sounds like a good end of the year project-kid created!
O #sleep is no replacement for you. This is the earliest time I've gone to bed in almost a month. Hell of a week.
Success can be measured by passion. Argue if you want.
learn some French it will be good for you
Trying to decide what to read next. Feeling totally overwhelmed.
Whats going on?
Fleet Week is setting off car alarms in the Lower Haight.
come home already!!
Lolla lineup looks amazing as usual. The big headliners are kind of meh for me though. Cool to see but not that excited.
I am so sad I had to leave 30 Rock before this interview....
I always lock my front door before I get in the shower 'cause if a killer broke in & heard me singing I'd be HUMILIATED.
Happy Earth Day!
ohh well I can't it's bot cute to be in a sports bra and take A pic .. In-general
Today marks 3 years on my breast cancer/survivor journey ~ still grateful, joyful, humbled how He cares for us! There is no one like my God!
My sis can't say version it comes out virgin lol. Lol lol
BOOM goes the dynamite baby!!!!!!!!
Glad you enjoyed it!
What a beautiful day to be at the Pavilion buying new fresh fruits and vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry & pork.
u wish .gags
work it girl, you look hot (no homo)* lol
when you're not going out of town with seniors..
You'll be fine lol...better get them all in before the main event haha
Its a difference from being in love & being stupid . Obviously I'm neither .
I think a re-make of The Sting is in order casting Brad Pitt and Robert Downey, Jr. Think I should move to casting. Agreed?
Asked the nice server if he knew if AZ was in our time zone. He said he thought it was 1/2 hr ahead.
Thanks for following us at ActingInLA!\
A bright sunshiny day!!!
Not gonna lie, I read it out of idle curiosity. It's epically awful. I can't believe anyone reads it unironically.
i voted over 100 times for please follow back :)
Oh yeah, that was for my Red Bull Music Academy event + showcase. We'll prob do another kind of event like that this summer.
Hahaha (: So, what're you up to?
Extremely loud in the second row. A guy literally got up to move to the back.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died
These last two dollars<U+E023><U+E032><U+E032><U+E032>
Some of the #NATO guards look like they'd be more motivated to protect a Dunkin Donuts from a pastry heist than the city from riots
the theatre waiting to see ya'll. Its been way to long. Love the new album.
Amen RT: Henry Ford started out with nothing & a dream. Now all the jobs are over seas where people like u sent them
Good morning Twitter! Off to Cambridge for some estimates today. Enjoy the weather :-)
should make a song about ketchup..:)
My puppy gets so scared when the fire alarm goes off.. aww poor thing
my favorite would have to be woe
My rooms too hot, sleeping on the couch tonight
Wow new desktop twitter is awesome haha!! Woo
I'm wondering now: if you put up the text of a written story online, why is that not considered #DigitalStorytelling?
NY had a rain soaked Earth Day, how did you celebrate?
Some of the talk amongst media in press conference room about #Grizzlies sportsmanship. Only 2 or 3 guys shook hands after game/series.
I'm just excited. Not much goes on in my everyday life.
let's do!
I am in love with GCB!! Best show ever
Yay! Michael/Maria baby. I like that. Did Kyle and Izzy end up together?
Get your cakes, cookies and pastries for your New Year's Eve celebration @ Firehook Bakery & Coffee House!
blake even tried it, i swear to you it taste like chicken...save a beautiful creature who scared the death out of u,HAHA
if you're currently putting up with someone else's shit. dont do it. it's not worth it.
First impressions of GODORT hotel: not that scary. My room has two tiny bathrooms, and the floor is uneven, but it's clean. We'll be ok
#OneThingImSureOf is nothing can happen without the support of God, Friends, Family and Fans
Vegetarians must work harder to get a diet with enough proteins, iron, calcium, zinc and b12
So nice out. Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
Penn Station on a Saturday night feels a little post-apocalyptic.
Cool got alot of good things coming up good networking event.
u need to come spin in San Antonio.
Why do I worry so much!? -_-
P.S. WHEN YOU FIND OUT PEOPLE ARE FOR THEMSELVES YOU LEAVE THEM BY THEMSELF.
Darth Vadar was at the door??
nice to meet you too...
GET TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 Free! Purchase ANY bottle of LOTION over $50 and get 2 FREE HT60 Tans! Visit a salon today
You have a girlfriend, act like it
RT : its amazing how productive sunday can be when you're not hungover or tired.
Why are we just sitting here!?
Dang. Went on a quick lil morning rant, and lost a follower.. lol. Burr
Bleh! I always do that! Haha sorry
So the big guy dont like menswearhouse cuz his tux was too tight
Just heard Done Club rant Chipmunks-style for 1st time. Classic. Can you do Scooby-Doo?
Tonight we'll be at to see () and Peter Matteson. 7PM
Friendship is like peeing your pants, everyone can see it, but only YOU can feel the true warmth.
you are a very special snowflake.
Last night I dreamed of watching 'Rudolf the Red Nosed Reindeer' Director's Cut, with It was strange.
THE GIANTS ARE GOING TO WIN AGAINST DALLAS TONIGHT. I can imagineP
Ha ha...I know. I'm still trying to figure it out as well!
Truth. RT : "hey babe, I really like those high waisted pants you've been wearing lately" - no guy
It is official... the office has run out of ! help! cc:
if that's your thing, then remember that I also accept
That should read, Shouldn't that be Kris Hump For Free?
WAS CHURCH GOOD??
Luv this, so true! RT Funny post from 5 Signs That You're the Problem bnet.io/kLXPny
#JingleInJuly TOMORROW!! 2-4PM !! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
The best thing you can do is get good at being you. -Dennis T. Menace
oh im never in there hahha
Please join Freedom Ford in making the Right Choice!
Oomf got me dead tired
why do you have to delete your twitter, specifically? hope all ok
All I gotta say is is EN FUEGO! see you on #HBO making movies! Let's go!
Who wants a new champion this year? So long Jimmie
i never thought i would ever say things like that to my dad. i completely EXPLODED & let all my anger out..
Insane. It's great to be passionate fan, but things like this are just so pathetic. End of the day...it's just a game.
How to be "verified" by twitter??
Hope that tomorrow goes better.
me too... Ppl need to. Start talking ... Im tired of waiting!!!!
Aidan Baggot now up for East, is 1-for-2 with a first inning single. just walked to put runners on 1st and 2nd in fifth.
Hope you'll join us for #BWEChat tonight at 9:00 EST. is going to come by to talk about Facebook for content creators
And Lisa Lutz just rocks in general! Great keynote speech last night at Authors on the Move!
awe thanks!<3 your so nice!
I'm now following
Watching WWE DVD easter egg xtras.
#RIP to all the people who died during the #planking epidemic. Senseless losses of life, we gotta do better.
Killer: Donald Driver on to the finals on DWTS!
Ace Boogie is a real nigga
Miserable in Chemistry.
5th Nicki Minaj is WACK #FACT! Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!
Gun show this weekend Antonio Event Center.
Um.... #whatthehell was that all about?
im wit u on tht
So D Wade misses the lay up nice!!!
Are the price of your medications starting to overwhelm you? We are here to help! Starting July 1st we will have a Co-Pay Assistance Program
Thanks for checking in tonight. Sheila Anderson & I will be back tonight to raise "$CASH$ For #Latin & #Jazz @ 8pm ET. Ciya then!
mine lasts forever! Been texting most of the day took it off the charger at 7:20, and only at 57% battery.
judo class :]
C:\Users\Cathy\Documents\Cornerstone\Website\Doc1.mht
you said with B Calipari, obviously he isn't that great of a player, does dads name carry weight?
how's your post season?
Orlando seems sharmy
Yes, I think some are, especially if "not a writing teacher"
Do not cook another thing Do not mess up another dish! ZuZu handmade breakfast tacos and more. Kids eat free after 5:30pm M-W.
I'm doing well! Sorry for the late reply, I was in the car. I've gained weight too. I'm gonna hit it hard in January too
we coming for that bread, ski mask on, wake up to the hammer say wassup
Separation of Church & State? Oops ah about that ...
How long has CNBC been a morning news talk show in the afternoon? No more hard business news?
so would a reference superhero sport a stapler in a holster? seems more menacing than a 3 hole punch.
ok, now that is just BADASS!!!
There's a pigeon outside eating someone's street barf.
if I can't say anything nice, I shouldn't say anything at all.
Looks like was not a #blackfriday gimmick - congrats on extremely infectious #advertising!
Lightweight. A man like you should be able to handle a little N. Ephron every now and then. #"...nineextrafloors."
If anyone deserves a follow from Louis, it's you. xx
Thank you!!! I think I'm going to start a whole series of them. RT I LOVE IT
I'm pretty sure that noise is written into the building regs for intergalactic spacecraft now
where r you at AV?
I've been crying non-stop this afternoon. The only people to make me smile are &
really tired, but I can't sleep :/
Leaving for the states now! See you on the other side.
the flowers were INCREDIBLE!!!! Knocked my socks off...
Tweet 1111 coming soon !!!
I only sell drugs to pay for my rehab
that sup lol
All done with my #FFs for the day! DM me if I somehow forgot you and I will make it up to you...
I need to start a garden.
We had our share of tornados today in DFW but am home, safe and sound. I am truly grateful!
Thank you Brett Glass! Thanks for being our number one cheerleader over the years! We so appreciate your love and friendship!!
No, they have a different burden when the oppressed workers are facing explosions & suicides.
Your nice xP (sarcasm)
That used to be my fav. show when I was younger & never had anyone to talk about it w. lol.I'd really like to visit Canada.
Uggs, black and gold ones. They are hella cute
that's a point i did not think they'd get. now try for the second one, eh?
Any word on Gypsum? A little town 10 miles east of Salina?
Im gonna whip your legs off your legs. What remains will just be a cruel reminder of what legs once were. haha #3?
Hope to be able to meet when he comes down to VEGAS FOR THE BILLBOARD AWARDS:)
Appreciate the good fight. But didn't have the shots to take the lead or the win away from Cincy. Still rockin burnt orange pride till I die
We're excited to move in!
Happy Birthday !!
Libra~ What song would Austin sing to you for your birthday?~ 11:11 :)
when life hands you lemons...Keep 'em! I mean hey, Free Lemons!
nope. he doesnt even know Im alive, sadly..
Loving the purple mountains this morning!
The bags under my eyes are sagging so low that they literally could sweep the floor.
BO. But yeah, they wanted it. OT time.
M-Audio AV40 Monitors
Taking off on early flight. CMH <U+2708> LGA
...miss u to babe
I'm making you proud.
I will help support your English-first plan!
I wanted to say the sky when you asked me what's up?! lol :)
that actually seems a little inappropriate -- i mean, really LISTEN to him sing that song.
tonight's festivities include a bottle of red & taking apart the bike's carbs. Not sure I should mix those
This girl won't stop talking about how she gets hit on all the time
thanks to all my new followers for following
What is Drake really sold out?? Ugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
yeah...when I get to the crib, I'll DM the address
GO BIG BLUE
On the agenda for one meeting this afternoon and then....off to
What is too much for #God? What can't He do?
panther pants
where are you located?
' looks like one of the most difficult schedules in the league. But I know our boys are up for the challenge! Who DAT!
thanx for the follow! It's almost Friday...weekend plans?
thanks for the shoutout, Susan!
SPIKE LEE tweeting peoples address??....sigh
I LOVE YOU <U+2665>.<U+2665> Follow back please!!!!! SNOOKI YOU ARE GREAT! Love watching #JerseyShore just to see you u.u
"her name is tree" "do you know shrub and bush?!" - Lauren Picado
thanks for the lecture, super fascinating stuff. the next #miku show i'm there.
what happened?!?
Thanks for the follow Brooke.
Not laughing at 's innuendos and then making her explain why they're so funny? Awkward hilarity ensues.
Suiting here listening to a single chic give relationship advice to a married woman,she'll joining her lonely ass friend soon in misery <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
We took Josie to her first "yappy hour" tonight, and she LOVED it! Went right up to the big doggies and everything.
Funny video! "Volcano: The Series - Episode 1"! tinyurl.com/5ue65we NEW EPISODE COMING TOMORROW
chucks on a John Deere? It's like those pics of Joey Ramone mowing his lawn....
Chicago. Time for dinner and rest before making people grapple one another all day tomorrow.
awesome! Thanks! I had put your logo and link on our sponsor page also. We're excited!
Monday am, who is on the grind trying to get their clothes to the peeps that matter most!!
Put on some Barry White & make long lastin love to that secail person CALL ME SAN YUMMY!
I LOOOOOOVEE YOU :)
what ? Lmfao clown I dnt care who u like all I'm saying is u wasn't talking lebron 4 months ago now u are that's it
happy easter to everybody that celebrates! :)
CAN I BUY THIS ON ITUNES. ASDJLSFJSG
Just got back from local auto dealership. It's a Cash for Clunkers zoo out there! Story to come on 12 News.
I had an AMAZING time singing at the prayer brunch this morning!!! What an inspiration to be among such fabulous women of God! Thanks...
I knew the first lady on #Scandal was aware of The President & Olivia. No one is that blind! Nice move
Business mind state..I am the CEO
You are a former tax attorney - can you tell me what a statute staple is in today's tax law, and where it came from?
Thanks for the love, much appreciated.....
Beirut is 69% funded! 23 days to go!!!
Let's make it happen.
I know right? Really detailed design and classy type all the way through. Did you guys do it?
its a Belgian style wheat beer made in Quebec. I butchered the brewery name with my excellent touch type skills
ALOHA!! :) Love from Hawaii :)
I wish you didn't look so sad :(:(:(
I am interested in one of your tickets? Anything I could trade with you? Please consider if you don't get any monetary offers.
okay no doubt!! Love ya!!
Didn't quite get that place when I went. Appreciate the heritage and outside..but..well..
that's brand new information to me!
Optimism in my eyes, humility in my heart.
AG Holder: The bench is stronger if it's more diverse.
Can someone give me some legit DubStep artists?
excellent Jackie. I love that.
Percy calls the POTUS & threatens to set off a nuclear explosion unless his demands are met = #Nikita is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 8/7c!
Tuesday is VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price appetizers for all VIP members! We hope to see you there.
Editing night. We'll have a brand new trolley show for you this Tuesday.
....it's not easy when U R not 'geographically accessible' I will keep on, I know it can b done.
~ I wanna go outside & play in the rain<3
Yep, that's us! Too bad Alice Cooper didn't write a song about finals week.
Being here on UM's campus makes me miss and long for those carefree days. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
And I will miss YOU! Maybe I will host one in NYC this weekend. Who's up for it?
Isn't he just a baby? LOL
yw. I love u little bit
i love my son aziz..hohooo!
Why go 2 a BIG BOX store and TRY to find help. Call Ur #Pella Fella NOW. (505)918-6339 or
. TY for follow!
tomorrow is going to be a terrible day..
Oh thanks fox, you'll really be back to tell us all about the caucuses and primaries when no candidate is actually talking? Gee thanks.
Let your life be the example of what matters to you.
I'm pretty much a big deal in 36 states across the U-S of A.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter Ii Kept Searching Games Like It Was Facebook!
With three quarters in the books, UMass is up 7-2 on Towson. Towson finally got on the scoresheet in the third.
always upticks in ed during low employments. A good thing, but doesn't completely explain the relative growth in public ed.
Thanks. Will do
Referee Scott Foster deserves a one game suspension and the league needs to change its goaltending reviewable call rule.
Don't talk about it, be about it!
Welcome to the Wiz of Awes crew!
Does anyone out there have a good understanding of Zipf's Law and would be willing to explain it to me?
Just a couple of hours away until I start spinning beats at BRINK ORLANDO!! Hope to see everyone out tonight! FREE COVER 21+!!...
I just saw it !!!! I never get this way over him !!! But I yelled out OMGCF !!!!
can't wait til we team up!!!!!
Highlight of my day was :-)
LOL u silly
It's tough to say what doesn't matter, though. I like health services, LGBTQ groups, swimming pools, etc.
Put down "Pride & Prejudice & Zombies." Is this what it takes to "sell" a classic to the masses today? Action, blood, zombies...
honestly I don't see the spurs being in their way at all
I don't remember this kind of weather in San Antonio! Usually we go from Winter to Summer - I'm enjoying this lovely Spring weather. *swoon*
Here at CES.... just went to press preview.... USB 3.0 10x faster than usb2 I will have video on web site soon
can a buddy get a follow? <3 Brock
SEE!! Jason Terry has a normal headband!!
...and we're getting a heavy rain! Merry X-mas, friend!
scratch the DM I just sent you, it's happening on most of my accounts.
Dreaming of travel logistics.
Lol. Jorge is also a compulsive liar, and barely speaks english. But Jacob is just a lovey guy so..
You know what capitalism is? Gettin' fucked!
ATM machines 'are costing tourists' Research has suggested that British tourists are spending an extra £260 million a year in fees
It's Monday, and you're busy. Let us clean up your week!
I see these are twitter tweak hours lol
I know but I still love her because she really did make a way for me personally. But you might be right???
good guess. Nice pick for the late rounds.
More details about the Librotraficante event will be announced. Stay tuned!
Paid $ 95 for this weave plus tax #bow lol
mats, who wouldn't waive NTC for greater benefit of the team? However Alf did fire that puck at niedermayer...
Looking for some furniture to populate my new, somewhat sparse apartment.
Go to hell. #WBC are just famewhores, nothing more. I'm sure if you lost a child it'd be different right? #pieceofsh*t
Congrats to for rattling home his dunk attempt and to for making his first collegiate field goal.
Definitely under
You're doing amazing work. I'm so inspired!
Police:mam the neighbors called worried someone was getting killed all they heard was a girl screaming prince your kiling me
January 23rd is Chinese New Year. Did you know that it has been also known as the "Spring Festival" since the 20th century?
Send me an email and I'll walk you through it.
couldn't agree more.
I get To Pound tonight!!
Random bachelor dads are convinced im the penn state pitcher. Have you seen my hand eye coordination?
TAKE THAT WITH YOU!!!!!
if i was making a website called mahonebook(:
Just played tennis, I'm getting better..feeling invigorated:-)
why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me like...
I know he called his daughter an idiot pig, or some such... but is it bad that I still dig Alec Baldwin?
Thank you to and for stopping in this past weekend to enjoy the spoils of the sushi bar!
Had an interesting visit with in their new digs at
Carl Pettersson wins RBC Heritage Carl Pettersson had another fast start and finished with a 2-under 69 for a five-shot victory over Zach
Life is a succession of such moments and to live each, is to succeed
I keep having a dream of me standing on my own tombstone. Why is this happening?
hi dee/dee
waiting on me to get on there
I love you for knowing exactly what I was talking about <3
Ultimatum continues their streak!
Can this month fly?
love your crops! can we shoot a story on spec with your designs/styling?
Come out this Saturday August 21st to Skillman Street Bar, and have a drink with us.
In the recording studio working on my new song
LMAO!!!! You're such a putz! I talk so much cause u don't comprehend things. I feel like I'm talking to a wall! LOLOL!!!! ;)
"You have but one choice... the ring must be destroyed." All his lines in that scene could be the scene-button. All of em.
CINEQUEST was a blast!!! The audience was blown away by our film HARD SILENCE
Beside every good man is a good woman... My wife is so awesome.. I love u Heather!
The informal economy ha been excluded from capitalism-by 2020 will contain majority of workers.
haha love you to! You gonna come over or should I eat the rest of the pancakes?
that's great everybody doing fine tell your mom I said hi:-)
DealBook: JPMorgan x2019;s Outsize Trades Drew Interest of Regulators United States and British regulators have been in discussions with
RT : Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got. —Janis Joplin
interviewed Valor seniors Alex Koza and Max McCaffrey today- WOW does Valor have a b-e-a-utiful facility!
What we're really talking about is a wonderful day set aside on the fourth Thursday of November when no one diets. I mean, why else would...
Busy bee... buzz!!
This twitter. Dm funny n a bad way from brianna
good point. It is the devils, after all
Is it ok of me to have a picture of my ex and i on fb when im in a relationship with someone new????
All you can change is yourself, but sometimes that changes everything! — GARY W. GOLDSTEIN
Do it. We need to rebuild on the shoulders of the rich benefactors
Stephen Greenblatt's The Swerve (on the reception of Lucretius in the Renaissance) won the 2012 Pulitzer for General Nonfiction today.
I just like to have a little fun is all. ;)
:) xo feel better!
I don't know what's wrong. M twitter won't let me DM you. My email: my first initial, last name, "at" sign and wqed-dot-org.
“Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.” <U+2015> Harriet Braiker
#InOurGeneration Global justice will become reality. We are all connected.
Just woke from a one hour nap...now am checking emails a bit
When I need someone to talk to,everyone's asleep/:
Chilling on a catamaran and enjoying some rum drinks! Time to play Duran Duran's "Rio" to make it even better!
": Don't compromise yourself. You're all you've got. -Janis Joplin"
The largest Publisher of printed material is - US Government. No surprise when you think about our country's bureaucratic nature.
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
She speaks the truth. RT : No disrespect to Popovich, but Thibs should have been #COY. No question.
Lord please don't allow this vicious sandstorm to tear our tent into shreds. We sacrifice a lot over here & this is all we got. Mercy.
Knock KnockWho's there !Amazon !Amazon who ?Amazon of a gun !
This is worse than wanting to cry, being upset or angry.. this is almost worse than being numb.
so do I it's meeting the Jonas brothers or having them tweet to you.
What would it smell like?!
#bbt2010. Is loving the panel on social media right now.
There's a new grunter at my gym. And the worst part is that he grunts his rep count.
I miss
is observing the fallout of Supreme Court 08-205, and wondering if the ultimate price of freedom is death by a thousand paper cuts.
I'm sure he has thicker skin than you...capable of absorbing and recognizing sarcasm. Only thing out of line is your a-hole line.
Go Tyler!!
ahem ahem. you're**
How high is Bill Walton?
So much potential!!
mainly that people seem to forget that celebrities are human too...despite how often most people forget that.
I tasted one of my hard boiled eggs and damn it was yummy. Packed the other four for work. Working a double tomorrow.
Never get comfortable in your relationship, each year you must work harder to keep that person there with you. If not, they will leave.
I love how people are outside sunbathing and I'm walking around in a hoodie and jeans..
RT : WHAT'S THE HOTTEST LOCAL SONGS IN YOUR CITY ON OR OFF RADIO?? ?
Are you a technology enthusiast, educator, tinkerer, builder or artist? Then you'll love our talk Fri - Demystifying the Hacker Space
Today is 's birthday! Everyone give him the titty-twister he deserves and the drinks he needs! It's gonna get rowdy
PickUpLine: Your chest looks a little sore. Would you like me to rub it?
RT : Damn RT : LMAOOOOOOOOOO Pacers and Magic is such a terrible series. I'd rather watch tranny porn.
only camel boots are riding boots. Have camel mary janes and nude pumps.
“: Netflix to announce $1 Million prize for the team that develops an algorithm for efficiently running the company.” LOL
Urban Meyer to Ohio State? Urban is an Ohio native...
Came home and found out I won a scholarship yes
Hey! I'm looking to antique finish and reupholster a chair. Any Houston area suggestions where I could have this done? thx!
next weekend ;)
not because my animals are not sweet
you are killing Randy with the Lion King song he is laughing his ...... off lol
Kobe's flu game > Your favorite player on performance enhancers
Don't forget if you're heading out to the game tomorrow it's a white out. Wear white!
I'm pretty sure I would pee my pants if I ever got to meet Atticus Mitchell <3
Practicing self control, yeah, people like me but I'm slowly dying inside..is this any way to live
Penny off the big bang is........sexy
Getting prepped for "Leaving Las Vegas"....The Final Round. Gonna miss this gin joint in the desert. I truly will. Palm Trees....Love Em!!
Success is a journey. It can get very lonely sometimes.
So glad I got to see my BFF this weekend.
Happy Mother's Day to all the Benzie moms out there! :)
#XFactor is rigged there is no way Rachel Crow got less votes than a guy who was on the bottom 3 times. He needs the show more than Rachel.
haha I had to have Tanner push me....i was so lost.
Don't forget tiger jam- w/ Jon Bon Jovi & friends. Mandalay event center.. April 28th! Moorea during the day, concert at night, what a plan!
: I just discovered your blog and will look forward to future installments. Keep up the important work!
RT Hanging at Nice. ;) does a fab job on the #cocktail menu.
Songs are timelines of our emotions, you can tell what we were feeling, by the color of the melody, the depth of the lyrics
yes I do!
now, I am going to get back out there to find an agent
oh gee is that code for something (;
got anything special for people who want to #GoLocal?
Nigga im satan's son
Yeah don't, life's too short.
i think were being racist.. Nah
RT : Create a three month #strategic calendar for releasing your new product. Work backwards from Launch date
lets just say I have state FCAT testing so its a mix of people by levels and most of the ones in my room are as dumb as rocks
happy birthday! Hope you have a great day!
Cincinnati,OH Mercer Elementary Pre K-6 school
Where in the world are you traveling nowadays? We haven't heard from you in a while.
Wishing injury on someone bro? Really? Come on man.
Good luck tomorrow, friend!!!! I'll be thinking of you!!!!!!!
<U+266B> "You may be with her, but I still had you first." <U+266B>
Thanks so much for the awesome RTs!! You in LA? Should totally come out and join us for our party on Fri!
Crew wrapping up auditions in Newport. Look for new Around Town episode featuring homegrown talent- channel 411.
RT : Lets go pens!!! Never thought that I would ever b interested. We don't play hockey in the south.
hit me up on here when you get to the crib
O no .. #fakeTheGame RT Watching Let's Stay Together <U+263A> I like this show..its cool. <U+2611>
Heading to to see Mark Morris! Friday!!
Dam this girls gettin it! #SheWorkOut!
haha.!(: I'm such a meanie(:
Guess I Can Go Wit It, But Im Not No Lame...And No Bitch Not Finna Fuck My Go Up. Doinn It All For Him.
Saw someone taking a family photo in front of the new Walmart. They don't get out much...
yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why we call it the present*
Surprise trip home for mommy day!!
Thats the 2nd person today that told me i look like a school girl. :)
The #Cincinnati uniforms are awesome
Goodmrng lil bro. Have a great week. Peace
Sure! I like your after dark reports, good info to know here in SLC :0)
You can't be what U wish to be,Why are U angry when others are not what U wish them to be?
a Cervantes #quote for World Book & Copyright Day "Who reads much and walks much sees much and knows much."
Didn't study but I feel decent about that test
Such a long night. Had fun partying with , , and
....ew?lol and yeah no problem :)
Hey would you leave your sister alone please? Not only is she in church, she's WORKING in church. BTW, didn't see you here.
It depends on the comp. Usually its just roll out foam, if it's on a podium it's a little better. But sometimes it's spring
Music brings people together and tells a lot about the person that you are and tells a lot about where you've been.
please follow ;)
This class is a joke
Vigorous physical activity reduces the risk of colorectal cancer in both men and women.
Right on girl! XOXO
If you don't vote for Obama only because he's black, you're stupid. However, If you do vote for Obama because he's black, you're stupid.
2011.07.07 #Brewers 5 #Reds 4 | Brewers back on track / take the lead then give some back / Axford rides the edge
The ref looks like he belongs as part of the Sons Of Anarchy cast
RT will pop off in less than two weeks! Get your tickets now, or miss out on a great experience! bit.ly/DWExpo11
Come in this weekend and ask Cheresa for her special Pixi Stik Martini for only $3! Now that is a twitter-only deal!
Second that emotion. RT : Dear Why don't you come to #Chicago on your tour?! We're desperate for you! Love, Chicago
True dat! RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living. We don't need as much as we think we do.
any plans for the #Caps game?
The Voice is on...heck yes!
Un-bleeping-believable..
no. That tweet was from my iPod. Stupid.
I love late research papers. Is it Friday yet?
Chinese for the day: <U+817F> [tui] leg
if you really can't decide which you enjoyed more then put it to a vote by your twitter followers. gamble gamble
Let's go Maryland
For me to take time outta my day to aknowledge you you've gotta earn it otherwise ..keep it moving !
Headed to CityCentre for the evening. Recommendations?
Well, I've probably talked your ear off.
Thanks for the #FF love Michael!
“: I don't chase, I replace.”
scrapple's good.
No... Facebook ruins everything.
I like walking up to people that are sweating and just came inside and asking them if it's hot outside or did they just come from having sex
When you can produce a legible sentence then maybe someone will listen to you. Until then, your chicken scratch is moot.
Watching American Gangster good movie!!
lol all you gotta do is ask. Ahha
On the phone with :) . He's madd Cool
Today is a weird day ! A weird weird day!
my pleasure
thx so much! I appreciate that:)))
You haven't had a weird dream until you have Patrick Stewart and the cast of TNG dancing around a pool table while rapping with pineapples.
I thought it was a can anyway. Looking at it again, it might be cardboard. Whatever, it's still cool
I'M
Why is sal's pizza closed before midnight on a weekend?
Thanks for hanging out with us!
miss u a bunch
My phone is dissconnected text my txt free instead :) 213 3779147 :)
Funny.. the things I think are absolutely normal are completely and totally odd to others.
Why am I up so early on Saturday morning?
Gotta start job hunting
Hughes - Just added more tracks of Brian to our playlist. Check us out - Smooth Jazz Beach Radio
I Know Where Im Not Welcome .... So Dint Worry About Me ... :-)
It's little 5!!
"I never got this far in my dreams." ~Bubba Watson 2012 Masters Tournament Champion
Ayy you know me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
o yea im supposed to be goin to check the mailbox twitter got me distracted lol
Jay Z & Linkin Park collaborating had to be one of the best musical decisions of all time
RT You miss 100% of the meters you don't pull
Another sleepless night.
Y'all should follow one of Chicago's underrated stand-up comics, Chris Damen. He only looks scary. Maybe not.
What's wrong?
Just starting 50/50. Heard it was a good movie.
I have the worst luck w flights. Most likely styck in orlando over night
wasnt so many years ago that some Americans in Europe were passing as Canadian
That's cool if my brain wakes up after sleeping about 2 hours, we'll see how it likes staying awake all day. I'll beat insomnia
“And my God will meet all your needs according to His glorious riches in Christ Jesus.” Phil 4:19
YES, but i'm grateful! I have run 5 miles this week already. BOOM.
I dont know if my heart can take another death but maybe
Rain rain go away!
I always creep on your page.
Thru the storm thru the rain I'm still grateful thru da pain
Blaaahh. <--- that's how I feel.
- Favorite quote - "Mopery with intent to creep."
hope you had a great time! Sorry I missed it!
we need connect before the end of the week!
We will be having Happy 7th Anniversary Happy Hour each friday 5 to 8pm until Nov 25th, do stop by soon.
Ok, playing Monopoly with Adanna & Mama J. Why does Adanna have Boardwalk & Park Place with 4 houses each. See?
I can't respond to your DM, but feel free to use them. That's why they're CC licensed. :)
I'm late, I know, but better late than never. meet my husband And CB4 is so ridiculous you can't help but laugh.
tired of being that chick....
Lowkey I'm just a big ass asshole . ^.^ and I don't give a fuck.
Mike and Molly was funny.... Had a good time!!
There's the traditional consumer, the digital consumer & the connected consumer. The last one is YOUR market says at
homelessdogmusic.com There is a homeless dog in all of us. Please tweet me and let me know if you like that slogan. Thanks
ROCKED the #Gentiva national recruiting call presentation today on
Does anyone know of a US release date for the Galaxy S I? *Drool*
Please don't tell me the concert is cancelled becuz of the snow!
as long as she can stay in the so called "circle"
Nice to "meet" you!
Thanks to everyone who came out to Milan for Restaurant Week! We hope you enjoyed your Milan experience.
Lol I think I might use that line
I know the feeling
Please keep Lanae and her family in your thoughts as they work through tough times.
finna just watch a movie til its time to go to work in the am
smiling that you favorited our tweet. Thanks! Today was a beautiful day spreading positivity.
To tell you the truth, prolly wouldn't think about that. I can tell you I have never worn one out on a shoot.
Dear please tear ' ACL and tell his mom to get her shit from my house.
Nice read. Agree w/ points made.
Finally getting the hang of Git although I haven't used all of the commands yet.
I'LL SEE !!! RT : WE GOING TO THAT NEW RIVERFRONT PARK TODAY AT 6 BE THERE
I want all my tax money to go to #NASA Thank you.
NOW! yes bring da bored! and i l<3ve you too :)
yay! I'm hoping to be as well. Thanks for the heads up on the email.
Thank you, Mr President. You've chosen the right side of history.
Feeling salty I didn't even get walked to my bus
Complement your IMAGINATION with Web 2.0 tools and/or industry-standard software.
The shark has a heart! you saved his entire career because you helped redirect the path
- What were you thinking, giving this a-hole a show? With so many more talented & likable alternatives? So disappointed!
that's good 2 hear. Progression is key
it's so frustrating. i don't know why i still get my hopes up. when the other team goes on a run i get a feeling of inevitability
I thought that was an odd way to bring her remains to her widower. She would have laughed.
My phone hasn't been workingg, not getting it fixed till sunday :/
He was a cornerback at the University of Texas. He's a Junior that's entering the draft early.
the world wide web
Got an email about the return of Sbux Tribute blend. Immediately thought it was intentionally timed for #HungerGames. Ergh....
Sports center tried to fly petrino's mistress first class to the studio for an interview but she turned em down because she only rides coach
guaranteed most of my colleagues don't know what a Boolean search is. . .
seriously I never had them before I moved here!
Just missed the express bus. Now it's going to take me twice as long to get home.
Try to pretend that I never even knew your name, cause everything you are disgusts me
I should have gone and crashed it today. I could just wait outside and see who's still around, but life was too busy.
And that's a surprise? He's a Mormon! Liberty is not exactly a bastion of Mormon scholarship.
Moo has never tasted so good. Mo
"You cannot do today's job with yesterday's ideas and be in business tomorrow."
Heading out to film the Chinese New Year festival! Who all is going?
no interruption makes me feel like a serious boss
answered prayers & burdens lifted
Bieber ? Princeton ?
enough said!!
My ankle hurts.. I twisted it running weirdly to my grandmas and when I was at Sarahs :(
Yay. Glad your dad could get them to a receptive shelter. Please tell him thank you for being there for those kittens!
tonight catch my CLUB KISS mix at 1:30 am on 1035 KISS FM Chicago & live stream on 1035KISSFM.com!
New neighbors moved in. Damn. I was hoping that house would remain empty until i could afford to buy it.
it's okay. just don't do tell me next time.
Whats your opinion?
Haha, thank you. We are making a lot of changes, even changing the name, but it'll only get better, right? :)
Please stay.
for the record I did like "Whee!" as a name.
Planing my spring break vacation:)
Woot!!! Can't wait...RT : i can already taste that big bottle of "kirkland'sbest" vodka... just have to wait til June 1!!
I've always wanted to be a Titans fan. Pretty sure I'll soon have a fantabulous reason to be.
I just wore that one!haha but okay I just don't want to be the only one in a different color again
": I'm open to take measurements after 4pm today .. DM or text me ! #PARLÉBLAQUE ."
anyone walking across today.. just so you know a simple SKC hoody is not near enough clothing.
sorry to have missed tonight you guys! i'm swamped!
Even if you don't believe, What about Now, What about You?
Can this dedicated Big Baby fan get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes!!!
thank you for supporting LBGTQ people it means the most to me a gay Youth. Thank Yu so much and i Love yu so much! Xoxo -MM
Never hurt the one you love, because you also end up hurting yourself in the long run!.....
I once tried a peanut butter and banana sandwich because "face" on nickjr told me it was his favorite
I didn't fail my senior paper! Can I just graduate now?
"choice" is the wrong paradigm for talking about caregiving vs. paid work b/c many of us must work to support our families.
8 more days till school ends
I am so exhausted.
RT : My penis is friendly WOW! That's awesome. Best. tweet. ever.
If only LeBron could do that in the fourth quarter
I just shingled a motherfucking roof.
I wish they sold gas at the dollar store.
The Civil Wars are scary good.
douche! i will always have a nyc implant...as well as a miami one. ;)
We second that! Have a great weekend as well!
why is that?
but may have got eaten by cats this week, i haven't talked to him.
Not sure why has to pay $40-million for "deceiving people" who bought toning shoes. If you were that dumb, it's your own fault.
You might think I'll pull some <U+E05A> like that? You never know.
Day three of #Rising wrapped up. Now we sleep for a week. -JO
took it out for a spin in Pioneer Square with as my subject. Got some photos & video...shutter is practically silent.
I heard you lookin for videographers, can you dm me the details
Because some females be having some fucked up shit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>RT : Why do some men have a problem w weave.!? Your ass isnt paying for it.
A SNITCH nigga that's that shit I don't like.
Libbie/Grove sidewalk sale Sat. Feb 26. Books of all kinds for $1!
i have so much i need to do today and all i wanna do is lay around, guess i'll do that tomorrow
I can't get a thank u...
i just laugh at bitches likee you.
OMG POLAND. I WANNA GO THERE ONE DAY !! I love the winter. Poland, Russia. Omg. <33333
3 years ago changed address while moving all people on the account to a our current address.
My 12 year old cousin is doing more things this weekend than i am :(
Public lobbying via Twitter is fine, just not in the middle of a hearing.
Free money. Really. No lie. Seriously. Just listen for your cue in a couple of minutes.
the interview with goldsmith
save the date may 18th!!
yes we have....thank u very much...
im in heaven when i saw that smile. Omg ur awesome already.
Come here rude boy, boy.
Thanks for the follow , , and
Woops! Now I probably seem like a crazy stalker lady... Stupid touch screen and STUPID like button on facebook!! D:<
Best Small Library in America mentioned and Project Compass #libs4jobs Excellent session and conference!
Julio fist bump.
Pray everyday for the next day.
A rise in energy positive materials (piezoelectric, solar, ambient microwave). You are the power plant.
is making you crave that greasy food right now. Your welcome
Free Bandz in my Double R'z
cleveland's motto: "come park in our historic parking lots and then walk around an empty warehouse"
Yes, so agreed! #AWP should look at warmer locations for the future...perhaps The Pinch should start a campaign for Memphis...
Thanks for the RT!
New students. Free sunrise #yoga tomorrow (Tuesday, April 19th) at 6:15am with All levels welcome.
I don't even know what goes on in my brain. It's too much.
hahaha kind of a catch22 with some of these client "dev" teams. Just need a good old-fashion Darth Vader force choke maybe
I love it when ppl get their mic's off for talking too long at award shows!!!
God has a plan for everything Abby. I love you and miss you! <3
haha I already downloaded it too!
I know, I know(;
I'm doing great! ^-^
this is my times 2 one for one direction and the other for Justin bieber ..yess I'm that cool haha ! Love this btw <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
At American Girl multi-depts plan promos; individual "owner" does reporting. Nice combo of group and individual responsibility.
That reminds me of this quote: "Digital cultural heritage resources are a fundamental dataset for the humanities"+
DMcInvall: Georgetown County cultural heritage is mobile, distributable, and preserved -- b/c it has been digitized.
Dry cleaning and dance cards.
thank you pretty girl! Love YOU!
I cheated & saw some photos Just wait it gets worse.
Holy crap it is hot out here
Phew, I'm not the only geek.
RT : RT : Is Social Media the batter or the icing on the cake? #smss12 It should be the batter - a more...
Aside from , a few top #edtech news spots =
Oh hey stranger!
aww that's awesome :)
Ha found twenty dollars in ground
Thanks for posting the cover. We'll have it up on the rest of the internet soon.
HOLY SHIT SO GOOD!!! ah this was one of my favorites also!!!!!!
#usysncs MS Fire U19B pulls out of tournament, forfeiting third game and making a shambles of the A bracket. Shameful performance.
Just wrote a song about Civil War history thinly disguised as a song about prohibition: "The Night the Still Caught Fire."
That sounds like a plan Stan, best friend nights are the best! #nodrinksonmyheadplease!
eat up!
maybe you should call the Coach store and ask for their recommendation
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
Everyone is up, I guess it is to warm to go to bed.
I am secretary. :p I'll be president soon tho :-)
Hey guys thanks for burying the Pens oh wait its a 4 game series and no matter what I will still watch/support them 1000%.
Sorry I missed the memorial. I hope you guys are doing ok.
VISIT WWW.SHOP.COMPLETELENGTH.COM FOR THE MOST FAST ACTING HAIR GROW PRODUCTS ON THE MARKET
all three of you look great!
wats the obsession with justin bieber im srry for this but i dont get it !!!!!
God has given me the strength to endure tomorrow.. Everything is gonna be just fine ;-)
Before 2012 I Would Love For To Follow Me :'D <3 <3 <3
when u realise a so called friend... isnt
shh don't tell my secrets :)
can it include spreadsheets? Enjoy the rest of the conference!
Thanks for sharing the Bobachine deal!
Good question, why Hadoop on only 18 nodes.
Congrats to the for the all time high in penalties yards only in
Kwantlen student turns chronic illness into community action - The Province (blog)
The #NFLDraft really begins at the 4 spot. RG3 is going next and Trent Richardson will go to the Browns at 3.
I beat the pussy up up up up
@ paseo on fremont
Pretty stoked about tomorrow but first I gotta make I through today.
Big glass of oj n its lights out for me again! <U+E011>
Rolling papers are so much better than reciepts...
Not sure which taco to try tonight? Order a couple! They're HALF PRICE TONIGHT!
Happy Easter and the Lord has risen indeed!
Haters gonna hate, Potatoes gonna potate. LOL
Nice... I was there about 14 years ago, just remembered how windy it was that day. ;-)
What a day at the office
Landed - let the C19ing start!!
Extremely tired after a GREAT weekend!!! Filmed my brother's amazing pilot, Poetri In Motion.
You LEARNED how to be smart...I was born clever-__-
RT Distance doesn't ruin a relationship. Doubts do.
It's like 90 degrees outside, humid, raining, thundering, and I'm here dying
So 20 years from now, can we look for an exposé in Vanity Fair about this doomed relationship written by David Maraniss?
Thank you! Very glad you enjoyed it.
thought that Teal did well today, but I agree
“: huh?”ask your cuzin what I meant with her bird watching ass
#sfoh OH: "J.K. Rowling makes more money than the QUEEN OF ENGLAND."
Beautiful picture!
breakfast of champions..
confirmed jelly
My Musician buddy offerred to help me with my Music for free now those are friends. Some have all the resources and wont help u with nothing
Time to get my hair cut and beautified. I may be penniless by summertime, true enough, but dammit, I'm gonna look good doing it.
#Recovery is a whole series of storms, storms that help to sprout new growth; storms that flush clean our own clogged drains. -Karen Casey
#BEARS Super Bowl
will you also never run around and desert me?
Call me and tell me what you were gonna tell me yesterday. You know, the stuff you sexted to me lastnight. #yourmancandy ;)
Leeann so sweet (:
Yes mine is higher waisted as well, well if u r not totally in love with it then it'll find a new home :)
Congrats, roomie! You continue to amaze & inspire me in all you do. RT : Personal record. 4:03! (@ Boston Marathon Finish Line)
Ah yes, but what does it cost in terms of one's own soul to write a book about SEO?
We appreciate the mention!
Now im in detention with a girl that carrys around a blanket and half the time wears pajamas #why?
Congratulations to on making it to the #NHL Playoffs for the first time in over 10 years!
happy new year<3
Kudos to Communication Professor and Director of International Programs for joining the twitter world.
Express Great cardmember/in-flight promo!
I'm so down...but only if you take a hit of this weed first, Adam!
all I know about him is the Monroe Doctrine. And he had an estate in VA, though I get confused which is his & which is Madison's.
She's a artist I been helping develop.....let's link up next weekend so I can let you hear some of her work.
smokin high country barley ; )
Best diet trick ever: Leave rotting stinky chicken in your fridge for a month & I promise u will lose your appetite everytime you open it!
P.S. Anyone out there using an older WordPress version, take note--you need to update it periodically. This is probably obvious to many!
hommie come tru club u tonitt ..hit me up I'll get u at the door
Just had remarkable service from Casey with the at the Madison, WI Best Buy. Major thanks!
Wait...correction...we got third place
the bottle is stained dark and has a gold star on the logo..
Gettin excited to get packer season underway!!
Im out here in these streets. checkin tweets. The Cavs ain't ready man. It will be a while.
When the teacher walks by in class, I tell myself "You're gonna do this right. Don't mess this up." And then I fail.
love you females, but ya'll make a dude chuckle sometimes
I called you back. >_<
I have to eat Qudoba because there isn't a Chipotle in Louisville, KY. Would rather eat Chipotle.
White boys rapping; The American experience.
Fair exchange is not robbery. Continuous output with no return is stupidity. Stupidity can be corrected. I stand corrected. Fair warning!
It's about time, idiots!
“: Met today with one of the founders of happening this July folks!!!” cheers, Dane!
so who's gonna loan me $10,000?
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' ~ Isaac Asimov
Excuse me
Thank you so much brother. I truly appreciate your support and friendship throughout this process
is your new flick out yet? #movieawards better
Will do! RT tell the hubby we said hello! Had lunch with the Doppmans on Monday in DC. Hope all is well!
RT : Loving you is the most genuine thing I did and the biggest mistake I committed."
Good morning twitter world! Enjoying another long day at work... will be a 16 hour day. Yippee.
Wondering what good service would do for McMenamins brand. What do you think ?
Blah Blah Blah :))
Being #TeamTall makes you unique and is a gift, #Embrace it! I love my height, I hope you love yours too! #TeamTallGirls #TeamLongLegs :)
hahahahah no way. ARKANSAS RAZORBACK FAN.
at least choose gin.
haha thank you<3 and I'm a grandmaO_o
Patiently waoti.g on "the game" to come on then... Its bed time!
congrat! U r so nice! Thanks xoxo
"To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe." - Marilyn vos Savant
funny , the Detroit bailout was a real bust wasn't it? How silly a thought.
now you've got me curious about the ending of NEVER KNOWING - I think the ending of book one threw me off some as well
yes they do.
She whack bro
so true!
yes.. Tues. April 26th at 6PM on #SpelmanCollege campus.. hope to see you there = )
Excited to see you boys son! :):)
Agree, ! has hired writers, tech analysts, trainers, program mgrs--all librarians, and all impeccably smart and talented.
I love Austin Carter Mahone <U+2665>
I wonder if José Baez will become George Zimmerman's attorney.
Hello Tweeters, Well school has resumed . We have moved n 2 our new school bldg. The children and staff r so excited.
Congrats on the success. It's all well deserved. What site will you be writing for now?
Determination is the wakeup call to the human will- Anthony Robbins #quote #inthegame”
RT : Those with no followers say twitter ain't shit , yeah it be like that
hey long time no talk... how you been?
it will get better I will keep him I my Prayers.
Why can't press the follow button for me?
Neil Diamond and #Fenway. Both are 100 years old and recently had reasonably acceptable facelifts.
Stripper karaoke = Fucking awesome
at best
We are now reviewing application #130144 - Jasmine Begeske.
lol on that's fine I'm about 87% sure I can take you
I don't know! I think we've ran out of time! I may just order one online. :(
that's an awesome quote!
IF you think everything is on EBAY tell me??
Thanks the artists that we get to work with. Their great talents make great tunes possible!
Have fun at the Cambridge show!
THIS IS THE PART OF ME THAT YOUR NEVER GONNA EVER TAKE AWAY FROM ME NO!
Don't think the Mavs want it bad enough
Btw! For those of you with iphones, itouches, pr ipads NEED to download Draw Something!!! So fun! Username: lyrensiren
Fuck. My TV has mono. I'll be back.
LoveVoodoo is sponsoring SlutWalk DC - in our nation's capitol - tomorrow 11-4. Join us in the walk and then afterwards at our booth.
Pre Production on the live show continues...
5.2 mile run on Venice Beach.. think that's a great way to cap off 2011! Feelin' damn good :)
Brunch today will be great! Don't miss it...starting at 11am
how has he been doing?
Lots of discussion around need for local champions, community engagement to get coastal communities safer
Packing up the H3D gear to go shoot
congrats on the role in Contracted (just read the news this morning)! Huge fan of Dawning.
#imthatpersonwho will always be there for you in any situation even if we don't talk anymore :):
#Browns reportedly to receive the Jayme Mitchell consolation prize...
Anytime (: I'm good, thanks :D
Registered to play a flashpoint #HANDIEGO, !
about to go to the beach
...afraid While shivering in my shoes I strike a careless pose And whistle a happy tune And no one ever knows I'm afraid
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a chiropracter!
Good bye Bin Laden...you will NOT be missed!
Hells Bells should be reserved for Trevor Hoffman!
The new automated voice on the Metro is kind of creepy
RT If you stay ready, you won't have to get ready!
We've got NEW MENU ITEMS too! Its a good day!
Follow my real account please!
Four people were killed and 11 others were wounded in two coordinated attacks in #Baghdad Thursday, the #Iraq Interior Ministry said
excited 2 b part of hyperlocal #socialmedia panel this Thursday in Leesburg. topic: How to hire a social media-skilled professional
#EmmaStone is a giant!
Fridays! Just getting started. OC drinkers #Bar330 Open Bar & LA Poppers hang out at ICON Fridays across Staples! Get at me.
gave the fans some relief, #lucky13 it is.
Happy Friday and National Wear Red Day! Are you rocking red today?
guess who is going to ninewells for a week!.
I'm so sad! #Twitter says I have reached a #follow limit. :( I need more #followers in order to follow more people now.
I WANT TO GO TO IMATS >:(
The new King_Tex mix tape is fire from track 1 to 13!
Shit getting real on #revenge Emily and Victoria getting it. Poor Sammy :(
*Sad depressed quote that has 50+ RT's*
I feel like Daniel Plainview. "I can't keep doing this on my own with these... people."
: that would be wonderful if you could...#thanks! ^_^
A great weekend for South Beach Wine & Food Festival! #Feastpdx Team is there, so say hey if you see us!
Good luck today and with your audition for the X Factor!!! Your going to be great!! (:
Yes. I just read a hang glider got hurt there this afternoon. BTW, how's your nephew doing with the C.diff?
Are we/we/or are we/I/I we/what/matters/is a word
is right why are we wasting $$$ on attorney fees when they aren't needed for most cases?!?!?!
Yessir. You too, I hope. Nicely written. You in Darlington?
I miss buying #random purposeless dvds.
#Heat play in NY against the #Knicks tonight w/o Amar'e. Anyone expect the #Knicks to bounce back? Knicks avg tix this season: $117
Im going to pick up the world and drop it on your fuxking head.
can you let me know what your thoughts of the seminar are!! I'm thinking about going to the one in boston
idk they might
Get the sparkling smile you've always wanted to start out #2011 with confidence! #NewYear #WhiteSmile www.kravitzdental.com
OH dear... looks like it connected it backwards. Oh well. I guess I figured that one out.
Ugh so true. I was personally aiming for a tragic ending...I just wanted an epic & complete tragic ending.
OK, all you tweeters who said this would change my life...make it happen.
Blog Post: What is Wanted vs.What is Needed ...in life, what’s wanted & what’s needed are not necessarily the same thing....
#wtf I MISSED the #LockedUpLovers preview?! I'm so ashamed. I'm at work and I can't listen to it! FUCK MY LIFE =[
RT : Pocketless Souls=Genius... So encouraging and inspirational... // we agree! totally different in xtian music
LAMs and fair use in digitizing orphans. Consider first the "nature" of the work. Factual/creative? published? available?
And I ain't too proud to tell ya that I cry sometimes I cry sometimes about it
Was Taken that good of a movie to get a #FamilyGuy spoof? It was ok, but spoof worthy?
shout out 2 for being lame lol
Happy Sunday!!!
12 Days o'Twitter:on 11th day of Twitter truelove gave to me 11 apps for iPhone 4Gs camera 10 White House presspasses 9 maids o'milking 8...
Video coming in 1! ...hour. ;) stay tuned
hello to you!
t/p process is tactical indeed but not always easy to control; def need pressure from up+down
April Calderon gets on my nerves!
Everyone check out pic
Super Bowl is the top home party event of the yr ahead of NYE says NFL & USAs 2nd biggest food consumption day of the yr behind Thanksgiving
wish i was back in ATL... columbia missouri has no social events
really just want school to be done.
that's the Christmas special right. Ahh I'm remembering now. What's next for you?
Tipping Point for Housing - Barron's
pour me two fingers.
yep, I don't think that will be in the kids course though
Maybe. I think code is just the hot new engineering degree. Most people won't/don't need to code.
great atuff. check out dulkes of dixieland and oak ridge boys newest album www.dukesofdixieland.com
I'm recently diagnosed bipolar CC helped me through high school. Thanks.
ya let dowo run the league shit goes bad quick
What hurts the most is being so close. And having so much to say, and watching you walk away.
1. Now that I have hair, it's hard to see on a windy day. I forgot about this problem.
I don't claim to understand hockey...but I really don't understand the Caps' insistence on not just shooting...
Happy to announce Mon will be the debut of our new exec. chef Ben Lieberman (formerly at Burlap). Welcome to the family Ben!
RT Cowabunga dude! <- ?? lmaoo TURTLE POWER!! i always wanted to be a ninja turtle
Amelie39s House Painted baby shower cake - baby shower cake designs
so excited for the fab flavors and beautiful design! thrilled to be working with you!!
#NF the beautiful and sexy
On a quest to find some chill singer songwriter performances hiding in an unknown bar downtown. Hoping to stumble upon something amazing!
"You went into the barrel and out..." but in reality, you were in there for 18 hours, having the time of your life.
s/o to mrs. For coming through and helping us in worship at this morning thanks for the info
that nigga is an animal congrats you bastard lol
Who's got a boner?!
When I have. A drem of somebody that don't even talk to me!I never won wake up!!!
I think the vote is worth at least an appetizer or two.
So excited!! RT Skipping breakfast in favor of lunch at Aldea today...
there's no judgement day?
Jamaal Franklin is the man of the night!
"fame!" this song is stuck in my head. thanks :) btw love your senior solo
Many thanks, my friend.
hm, he needs to really have a great camp to make it I think.
Turning tricks!
Do u think maybe its time chinese replaces spanish in our primary and secondary education system?
yes. My whole semester been like this. Reason I always be mia :(
im just in one of the moods i feel like f___ . :p
Just signed the lease for and my apartment! So stoked
Picture this: ur relaxing feeling good about how ur day went then it happens. You get this phone call that shoots ur entire day to hell. :(
"Scientists' Theory About 'Alien Abductions' Gets New Support" #huffpost Sounds like someone's been probed!
Wow was my OCD so obvious you figured out it was me who wrote that sign?
Highd The Fuck Up On The Bus
Fewer candidates, one would imagine.
whatever happened to the giant house they were going to all share?
hope Vaughn makes the team!
Hope you get well soon!<3
Hither the heroes and nymphs resort,To taste awhile the pleasures of a courtIn various talk th'instuctive hours they past,Who ga
hey man let's catch up. Hope U have been awesome!
r u coming to miami if u do please post it or reply me please i beg i luv u so much jb <3
alright well keep me posted then hun <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Career site best practices AEIOU-authentic, engaging, intuitive, option filled, user friendly Y-answer whY
kill it!!!
An Autumn Lunch at Addie’s
"the way we fund education will be a problem for our future" RT : Appreciate Jon Ralston's acerbic analysis
Ayy bro you coming?
ugh i cant stand oh great jolly fat a$$ thats sitting n the back b%tch im happy you off my issh to h*e
Wow it's 20 Degrees cooler at #KingsIsland than in Louisville. Diamondback is going to be cold.
WAKE UP Houston, it's NOT ok for cops to repeatedly punch & kick someone. Something WRONG w juries here! Cop beating #ChadHolley goes free!
... ok I don't REAAAAALLLY hate you. But I am frustrated.
you are amazing Samuel <3
Gotta do me.
is killing it on right now! 15 mins left to call in and ask him anything!
This joke doesn't really work in Minnesota, does it.
Den Honey KOkaine gets shot in the arm behind your shit talk? YALL GOT THE OPPORTUNITIES PEOPLE DIE FOR AND YALL NIGGAS CAN'T EVEN BE COOL??
can u do more imagines plzz
2mro the greatest match-ups will happen! if says so it gotta b tru!
hey its was Asian food therefore I m doing JUST FINE! lol
SO excited to start reading Pandemonium by Lauren Oliver. Happy #LeapDay to me.
Nabi: We're supposed to present a united front to have an impact on the BOV. Don't be offended if we don't pass this.
chalkys closing really screwed us
Finally got my password back. (:
Dressed like a bunny tonight!
Fuck that I don't even know why I tried with you . Some how I can never find someone good enough for me . Like is this how my whole life is
I didn't get to watch #blogtv last night because I went skating and practiced cheerleading.. :( I wanted to watch
Thank you for the follow. Robert
Just found out my dad dated a girl that lived in the same building as a girl I used to see, but he did it 45 years ago, before he met my mom
nice meeting you! I'll fill out an about.me due to your inspiration.
marched in the anti-violence parade. yes, in the rain. it was a pretty good time!
And SPAIN
big bruh I just hit you up.
*insert Tony Todd smile here*
hahahaha Well...thanks No need LoooL And am sorry for bothering U
Ugh. Not much anyone could do there.
I love #popcornopolis! This helping me get through work! Haha
Day 2 on set, playing a flight attendant for the new Asahi Beer commercial!!
Well to feel a sense of relief you're gonna have to do it..
please follow me i think that u are so incredible!! ive been a huge fan of u n my fam also lives in sicily!!!
Test to
thank YOU and Becky Splitt for articulating them.
yeah he's the one that did my background and everything ha he lives like a mile away
MT : enjoying 's talk on data meets promotion, featuring the algorithm of starlings & Mundruku counting system!...
Hey #cuse your fans aren't ready for the season to be over. Let's go!!
We are honored to be invited to today in ATL and are excited to lend our contributions for small biz.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways be there for his girl, no matter what the situation is.
you're a Pipt!
'' no disrespect but mami that's correct cause , whats in them jeans just got my mind hectic ''
don't chase these hoes they'll take your money and spend it with another nigga<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
YOU LOST THREE FOLLOWER I DID TO VICTORIA
RT : "It's not #Easter till there's confetti in the toilet." Jennette Arocha
Be true to your teeth, or they'll be false to you!
welcome to rdio, sir!
Its Night Time & I got my Locs On
Homecoming in 2 days!!
That made my day. No need to get out of bed at this point. RT : Just FYI, I ship you two so hard. ;)
Cool...thanks :) Currently open Friday-Sunday from 5pm-230am beside the Bricktown parking garage.
Nothing is better than family
Put sliced cucumbers over your eyes to treat dark circles.
Many thanks to and his staff for their ongoing support of the humanities and a friendly meeting!
last weeks eastbound was the best one this season
awesome! Thanks!:)
it's cool just let me know
About to try 's beer-in-the-shower technique in this hotel room to cap off the night. Updates to follow.
The world may be your oyster, but it doesn't mean you'll get its pearl
I thought the whole point of a ferris wheel was so you can pee on the people below you. I guess not.
I hope you are doing better! Hope to see you at Rubi's on Saturday. You take care of yourself!
I be studying & tweeting at the SAME DAMN TIME
if i had a dollar for everytime i think about u id be richer than bill gates:)
If Felton could play like this consistently, I could dig it
did you catch my James brown sex machine bump music today?
#Wiunion trolls have abnormal obsession w/teacher-bashing. Like hating on librarians or nurses: odd. Were you not such successful students?
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for all you Bettys who appreciate Bettys! Amateur Night begins at midnight....Registration from 10pm-11pm...
"CASUAL WORK ATMOSPHERE" We don't pay enough to expect that you'll dress up.
The high quality of a company's customer experience rarely has anything to do with the high price of their product.
lls im good now
I am writing a short story. Do you think it is possible to design a robotic nano factory that could build anything?
:( so :P at least I'm taller than you lol
1st person i go to 4advice...RT : I need your advise.. I have a job interview tom.. Any last min prep suggestions?
patience....pahahahaha!!! It's going to be a long 5 weeks of it....
thanks boo :) i'll hopefully be seeing you soon. what days are usually free?
Awesome message today! Thank you for challenging my heart brotha! Keep winning souls for Jesus!
Good morning, all! I wish you a happy Tuesday.
You too nephew!
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. - Will Rogers
you were amazing out there today ! :)
Cotto kissing his child on the lips numerous times man he bout to get smacked
I think I'm going with 1d because they are around my age... But the guy from the wanted with the white tee was cute
Have to refocus myself I forgot what I was about and what I looked forward to its never to late
I shouldn't see you tweeting if you have yet to text me back.
Oh my fucking god. Get the fuck out of my god damn way.
for sure! I have a bridal shower next weekend.. Are we having a band this year?!
Of Monsters and Men on Jimmy Fallon tonight! Hope I can stay up.
Preference Question, Does anyone like the condensed 'dropdown' for navigation on a mobile-friendly-site ?
THX! So glad! Enjoying learning + sharing RT : Enjoying getting your updates, Halelly! :-)
Had a great time hanging out and playing music with Box Talent yesterday. Thanks for having us!
Researching #yurts with
let's do it haha
Happy Birthday, ! (:
and yes will do next time. Have a good time wherever you will be. =]
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Expectation: Your priorities aren't always the same as those who are answering you.
When peopl ask me to burn them a CD ..I always put some krizzle tracks on there
OK, now I am REALLY sorry I'm not there! RT: Dry-aged burger with garlic aioli, red onion, and watermelon salad.
oh em gee. Just read a few interview quotes from the head writer, and she said the dr had called Stefan and told him she gave...
Who's your pick for the SuperBowl winner this weekend?
Found this online: Color of your pants + last thing you ate/drank = band name. Get ready for the upcoming hit album from Blue Fried Rice.
okay... and oh yea my bad I forgot I'm not texting you lol
Had a ball wit my husband and day fam last night!
Season 4 in the books. High school is over. Quite sad...
Lost my contacts on my phone wtf
Hearing lots of chatter going on between Hornets & Blazers. CP3 to PDX?
We serve lunch and dinner and our kitchen only closes 1am. Come and join us for late munches! Salute to Life!
WE GOT FOAM - sign in the window at House of Foam
and pretty good stuff! Supposed to be good for you too! Want to get Mikey to try it?!?! : D
lol Gotta go
Oh boy... Becks ex is PISSED at him...
love that! Questions that don't require prior knowledge, but get to key themes of exhibition.
probably so
Poet: Ars Poetica. Like, now. Shit, what piece? Looking for money to put where my mouth is. Tell me what to bring in
Sick shot by a great photographer (give some love!)
Happy Fat Tuesday! We have King Cake..come enjoy some with us!
oh yeah. I remember you.
yes, I remember that! Oh well. It's just a matter of time. Can't stop the gays.
can't seem to get a move on!
Just saw "reference call" listed on my supervisor's calendar... as in a call from the university I interviewed with asking her about me?!
our drummer sike. Hes the artist
The #momsFF team is using our to stay in touch and navigate this years
i met bryce drew and got his autograph on my 16th bday :-)
disabled google buzz. my GMail interface is much happier that way. (evidently it hated that obnoxious logo too)
If the Rays were gonna take this one it was when they had 2-0 lead. No way this lineup can produce THREE more runs (at least).
People complain about racism around the Hunger Games, but the advertising doesnt bring anything but white character to the forefront
come work with me! experienced recruiters looking for an amazing opportunity send resume to
Nerdy asian Starcraft battle. I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity
Feature: Raskally fellows: Are copyright infringers "pirates" and "thieves"?
I know!! :( miss you too, we need to get together outside of vs.
no she "forgot", 1 of her downfalls as a parent as well.she forgets everything. a wonder she hasnt forgotten blake at a store
I don't want to get older and be on my own
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!
For some reason, people on Twitter talk to celebs like they would never dare to in real life, & say the most moronic things.
I am very excite.
If we don't follow you back, it's not that we do not appreciate your support but that #twitter has imposed #limits on us. 5-10 follows a day
Great testimony from students on SB 762 allowing more flexibility for high risk charter programs. We support bill as well.
If you have a mom, there is nowhere you are likely to go where a prayer has not already been. ~ Robert Brault
#MAPACA conf was unique and fun! I loved the scholarly panel on cheesesteaks at Tony Jrs & wandering behind the scenes at New Century Trust.
“: there's a first time for everything... I GOT A JOB! ;D” congrats gal!
haven't yet -- just found out today we probably can get some space; waiting to hear if there's any potential funding/sponsors
Seton Hill's summer reading text is the graphic novel Persepolis. Our disability accommodation staff was a bit flummoxed to find out... 1/2
you know it's a cause close to my heart
Haha! I would have LOVED that. If anyone can do it, Martha can.
When you've got your breath inside your hands, everyday's a second chance
Listened to Blue Slide Park twice so far. Think it's great! Great job Mac!
I wish I could spend a day with Charles Barkley.
Not only are you responsible for your life, but doing the best at this moment puts you in the best place for the next moment.
Lilly is a Giants-killer. Pretty fucking annoying.
Im such a cartoon geek at heart. And I love it.
White t-shirts are cheap? Why have a "white out" when the away team wears white?
Happy Thursday PDX! Needing to celebrate the weekend a day early? Come on in for Happy Hour; it starts at 330pm!! See you there! Cheers -LR
Twitter keep unfollowin ppl!
what are the broncos real chances of landing peyton?
“: Burger King will go out of business within 2 years ..mark my words. Their food has gone from bad to worst" THIS is so true!
Teacher workshop #kaiserpermanente nutritionist tip for eating out: skip the fries. Sad but true.
We agree! RT : Bill, gotta hit Twin Anchors for some outstanding ribs. Just do it!
I should become an actress
Google execs highlight speakers at Acceller Summit 2012
See You Tmrw At School(: Txt Me In The Morning..... I Domt Like School Its #BORING You Just Read && Do Work
thanks! wrangler can support > 500k rows with script export. lemme know if you have any issues. im happy to help
Ok im a chill out been mixing stuff since yesterday.
About to lay it down...
Cant Wait Till 2morrow Wilding Out On Dat Bus
that was awesome but u coppied from beggining to end just sayiinn
Montana you mean
Today's quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson ""When it is dark enough, you can see the stars.""
For you? Any time.
Just wish i have some time to skate and learn some trick
Hey - these clouds are making me nervous for Saturday, can I get a Gold Cup forecast???
DICK IN YO FACE
“: You are more likely to get throat cancer from oral sex than you are from smoking.” what???
Wonderful Amazing Gyrotonic session. Thank you !!!! <3
NH INSIDER- Your Source for NH Politics - Press Releases - Cooler ...
another 5th grade superstar is
How he's got away with cheating so far. RT I'm going to visit w/Nick Saban this AM, what do u want to know about Roll Tide?
Going to see The Avengers tomorrow - tickets purchased - now to fight the crowds for a seat. Maybe the theater will be empty
It's a bird! It's a plane! No....wait... It's just that flying fuck I don't give.
Few things turn me on as much as watching our local news men apply Clinique powder before going on air. So hot right now.
Slappin my bro music
If you were a transformer you'd be Optimus Fine
oh. You are so younger
you obviously weren't pissed enough at the fumble to stay awake!! how u feelin'
The Sept/Oct edition of 's VOICE: An Immigration Dialogue is out. Please read #immigration stories: bit.ly/rrUyPz
Thanks for the .... >:o RT : Thanks for the Livestrong band :)
lmao WE WERE SO ADORABLE.
[ATTENTION] The New Jersey Department of Treasury and Commercial Recording is closed today because of a blown transformer.
okay going to start tweeting again. currently doing my show up at
Tonight we pick up a World Series Game 1 Winner on the Cards...
More sad news from the #Packers..Really gonna miss Nick Collins..Wish him and his family the best.
White plains<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Mizzou is doing remarkably well with five players on the floor who weren't good enough to be recruited by Kansas.
I'm trying to get my boys sold on that. They do it in spurts but that consistency is not there yet.
Why hate on Santos? It seems he's made to be the reject gay.. Isn't the whole point if our community to accept our diversity?
Havlat just flicked off the crowd at Staples after he scored. Wow. Classy.
Does celebrities know that it`s hard on their fans too when they get a divorce?
I really don't feel bad about not winning the endorsement forums because nobody did either. Will continue the uphill battle.
Working on a cover of Only Hope by Switchfoot
What is there to do on the weekends anymore...?
RT : I've never attended a webinar without technical difficulties. [webinars ARE technical difficulties]
Prefer a gluten free meal in #Albuquerque? We prepare all of our sauces from scratch daily, using only corn oil, vegetable oil, & olive oil
was following people today?? And I was in class? NO! I mean, just a chance at him following me would be fantastic...
OK, it's a challenge: Who shall claim ? Or some underscored version of that?
I'ma show you a punk
I feel like the cat who gets kicked out of the house at the end of the Flintstones! This is really wack!!!
Morris Buttermaker cuz he figured out how to win with less talent than the royals and got a sponsorship from chico's bail bonds
My name is Steven and I am a procrastinator.
still perfect
That's such good news!! :)
When will it be on I-tunes Jon? keep up the great work!
ppl remember my hands more than they remember my face on tinychat weird lol
an you grab an autograph for me. I am in some Army training in South Carolina! Be back on Saturday!
We got news for ya Arlington! With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine!
Happy Birthday America!
RN, MA, MIBC, BUSINESS, Criminal Justice/Investigations and Paralegal students welcome to PHOENIX HIRING EVENT
please don't use ur phone in the bathroom... can't the person ur on with hear ur doing the do??
my emotions
"Giving a TED talk has become the Oscar fantasy for smart people" -
Now booking weddings and events at Mount Airy as well as guided waterfowl and big game hunts!
Had the universe been static, they would be frozen like a statue.
just got back from seeing titanic in 3D and im really tired...
Mulling co-proposing ed collection on Queer Spaces (everything from #ecocriticism to #pedagogy) Thoughts? Interest? Potential contributors?
w00t w00t! Good luck apt. hunting! I recommend the neighborhood of Palms. ;)
turning into a
Right now Hal Leonard is wearing an eye patch, sitting in a swivel chair and stroking a cat: "Excellent."
Hells yes, good times. So fun I can't even remember the exact topics we were talking about!
Quote: "The behavior you see is the behavior you've designed for..." I hope I'm hearing sad resignation in the context
Thank you , & for all the mentions! You all rock!
I am a huge UK fan but I want to wish you luck wherever you decide to go. Follow your heart and stay humble bro.
Even though it's winter, it's necessary to clean your pool regularly. Debris buildup can permanently stain your pool's surface.
Just read it again: composite growth
"Email fatigue is probably out there, but social media complements email, rather than kills it" via (hey there!)
Dont worry about wat other ppl say jus keep doin you. I respect how u show your fans much love. Love you Trina
dude, I just finished season one last night. you have no idea
The proper use of the mind separates champions from good players.
Thanks from me too. Happy Friday!
Due to a highly insulated body that lets out very little heat, polar bears are rarely seen with an infrared camera. Take that, predator!
Q: How is PTSD being diagnosed before a soldier comes home?
lmao we don't discriminate. She loves her "brown" baby
#Starbucks = life saver
Tackled the backyard. I think I'm ggoing to paint my wooden bench a lush, happy color and write PEACE across it.
You know who had an epically bad night? Rafael Addison. 0-for-6, 5 fouls, and a turnover in NINE minutes.
Batman is epic :D
just got this..sorry 4 delay. ;o)---should be OK..clearing skies around that time...breezy & mild too..mid 70s. Have fun!
What r the chances I can get a bunch of you up EARLY Friday to perform live on TV? Need quick confirm for preview.
Cute pink nails, a great massage, and a morning of some baking with my mom.... couldn't ask for a better pre Thanksgiving day!
Friday is a great day for an Organic Facials Plus. A deep clean for your whole face with the weekend to allow your skin to breathe.
You sure will! i get in the 21st and staying until the 31st!
You don’t need to win every medal to be successful. Jason Fried
Outta work early!
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is wear black socks :3
Stubbs can be frustrating at times, but not time to give up on him. Bailey has been fine this year minus his last start.
Lord Byron=bada$$ the might of the gentile, unsmote by the sword, hath melted like snow in the face of the lord. Know your role. Peoples
I don't think I could ever say this but I am utterly disgusted to be NY JETZ fan right now
are you doing anything awesome tomorrow night?
ever since you posted the video of you and filming(and you had a cricket in your mouth)I've been eager to see it!
If I were to do that and set that in front of my husband for dinner, I'm fairly certain he would stare at it then laugh.
Pink Floyd The Wall At 30: Would Pink Have A Facebook Page? - Houston Press (blog)
wish I could but already have plans. Thanks for thinking of me though!
Whats twitter jail ?
Anniversary Ride TONIGHT! 6pm meetup at the shop, then a ride around the East Side, then beer @ Von Trier! Come ride with us!
If sweat had a sound, mine would sound like porrlaaaaannnnddddd
Tonight I watched OLDBOY on 35mm. A film which gets it right in every way a film can get it right. Korean cinema based on a Japanese manga.
None of my *friends* are ever there anyways.
Gusgus, you gonna make your nervous twitch worse!
excited for our screening of Hard Silence Silencio Fuerte at the DGA tonight.
seriously thinking about it, but I don't think it'd get a big enough following to make it worth doing
Ppl is so immature!! Asshole you laughed so hard that I heard your fucking voice in the back on the voicemail your stupid ass friend left me
Incomplete link?
Never trust a man in a business suit on Hollywood blvd
good nite big bro
Sorry for the rapidfire posts last night- started a blog to link ya'll to my full length poems and accidentally posted several @ once!
I'm not moved by what I see, I'm moved by what I know. And I know God put this promise in my heart.
sec 9 row K seat 51:)
Adele's voice is sOo amazing she sounds better live thn in cd
You and I were having PARALLEL LIVES this week! Could NOT get math resolvee until I'd charted out each size decrease!
Since when is criticism of a terrorist state "libelous"?
I'm going to get a back piece tat of Chris Paul shooting over both Gasols.
"Can you tell history through photos?"
I know families who plan one summer trip a year from points northward just to see the Brewers.
"ain't nothing gone change name going get bigger;its the cards for lil kim to get richer;so like it or not I'm who I'm"
Yes indeed! Hoping to visit some time in the spring. How do you like the program so far?
1st time and loved it for SOUP event! Will def go back to the garden and more community events :)
i wanna go to universal so bad this summer!
Life’s a climb but the view is great.
I hope we will all look back at this and have a big laugh.
"My Big Fat Gypsy Wedding"....Seriously????!!! WTF! Hahahaha!
I finally like one Bieber's song - Boyfriend. Perhaps it's due to the fact that his voice has finally showed some kind of bass.
Sometimes people surprise me. :)
what happens when a player tells another player "whatever you bet I call"? Is that binding? Cash game tourney does it matter?
Instead of burning books, the future F451 will feature DRM-ing books away from the public as censorship.
Let's get fucked up and die.
I Didnt Even Know He Knew. He Was Mad.?
RT : I love seeing happy couples and being constantly reminded how I have no one.
Life goes on
on set for the video
lose my number
Is it lost on anyone that Zimmerman has not been arrested,could leave town and noone will know???!!!!
i really need right now
You know how we do, send our captain out in a wheelchair, come back in 4th quarter, rain some terror, block a shot or 12, etc
awe, you can't be stupid. :) you're too cool.
Check out Nashville's Picking Violets, duo sirens, - text them: getpickingviolets to 88704.
its astounding and amazing in all forms and is ur server back up
We just pushed out a revamp/new design of Judy's Book. Check it out and tell us what you think.
get your voice heard at thesportsland.com
Poor #Sherrod. We'll miss you :'(
i miss you biff :/
i'm slightly appalled at how excited i just got about my long awaited invite
Rethinking that noisy neighbor thing...
We need to catch up! Hit me back and let's chat. Miss seeing you make things "vanish":-)
says, you want to be seen every where... I agree and I try to do the same.
Our Card Sorting tool is to be used by a class of near 100 students in HCI for a group project at a large private University in Portugal.
Sorry Corbett - expect some massive speedups next week
Great time with Awesome Genuine people Thank you for being apart of my life.
Retweeting the crap out of because i'm two hours late for the release of his new band 's song. My apologies.
i have not forgotten about you - been a little busy but yes, i got ya!
Getting my first tattoo in a couple hours...super excited!!!!
can life go on? i don't know right now.
you're so welcome RT: Thank you so much, you're so sweet <3
the rest of the game was "blah" to me. But in the end I had my fun with it when I first bought it. Still own it today :)
Imagine that...John Bolton was the most reasonable at CPAC.
Dear Texas sun, let's tone it down a bit...k? Thanks
At this time tomorrow we'll know what year it is in MadMen-land.
#ThingspeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when my friend sighs before saying a world. ex:Sigh, i love cats, sigh i have school 2morrow >:! annoying!!
Grand Prairie Native Kerry Wood announced his retirement :(
Love seeing all these tweets about how the "guys at rock!" but if I had to guess, I would say SMG was a smoking hot blonde.
got me doughnuts and chocolate milk for my birthday breakfast. It's gonna be a good day.
First, maybe u need a resume? For a FREE resume builder and job board follow me to minorityjobs.net Julie ps good show
What is there to do in #DC? Going there tomorrow for the first time in ten years
Watching Napoleon Dynamite is so weird lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Life is so precious.
Who cares!
Findlay sounds like my kinda place!
It is time to get out there and teach a few classes, swim and run, yeah Tuesday!
LOVE the Zookie!
I hope I wake up by the time I get to work.
GOP: "We're all in the same boat!" (Only the rich are lounging in a deck chair; the rest of us are scraping barnacles off the hull.)
I totally have thong panty gnomes. Or I sleep around too much.
I just wanna go back to sleep
Anyone recommend a good scanner app for Android? There seem to be numerous ones out there...and of course, any good beer apps?
You've hit the follow limit!
"Why Would You Do Without?: The Indispensable Colon and its Role in Catchy and Descriptive Presentation Titles" Colon=success
He says "it had nothing to do with me! It was all the post office's fault!" Sorry buddy. The post office isn't the one who didn't notify me.
Gold's Gym ZUMBA TONIGHT,COME ZUMBA WITH US WITH ALL THE LATEST TRACKS AND MOVES FROM HANS
I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation.
#FlyMeToLondon yes please!
Bitches Brew| Miles Davis
i will ever have bieber fever cuz is a terminal illness for all life ;D love you
Ion wanna be a player no more
I do:) @ the National Underground Nashville Tn
the new album ROCKS!!
Today looks as if it will be a beautiful day. :)
so are the indians
“ I wish i was in class right now”
#MyBiggestProblem loosing interest in friendships.
You know when you be so mad that you wanna cry...... Yea.... Me. Now.
right?! Like I don't have time to vie for tix later on & like the line-up has even been announced.
Delicious! Also loved Luke.
GAWD FUCKING DAMMIT!!! I really hope Pacman steps up to the plate and beats Mayweather.
"throw me a text" lol c:
Has Google *dramatically* changed its search algorithms? I'm finding it weirdly impossible to find what I'm looking for tonight.
Even healthy ppl use reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking...
Hold yourself responsible for a higher standard than anyone else expects of you. - Henry Ward Beecher
is even her book green? That would be impressive. Rock it, sista!
morn'in IRIS!!!
Sweet offer: is offering free hot yoga classes at RatioHQ. We estimate office temps to reach 115 degrees by 6PM!
call Merlin. He'll work with you!
Now I'm anxious to Leave already ! Omg Florida Stresses me Out !
Off to list in Brownsburg
it just came out how about walgreens?walmart?
lol or sisters keeper... Have you seen that?
Tired sitting in this eye doctors office. Boo.
Follow along with #commfeast!
Not anytime in the immediate future, but soon!
Watch with faith, not just your eyes.
she said thank you & no problem
We'll be open until 8pm through Dec 23rd! Don't miss all the twinkling lights and trains!
Congrats on 3 Outer Critics Circle Awards, ! Deserved winner of Outstanding Musical, Book, and Director!
compared to what? #wiredwaffles are all natural and have the caffeine content of a large cup of coffee.
Birthdays are the peak of Facebook activity for most. It is a lure to grow our Social Media participation, once increased it usually remains
it was a good effort by the patrons favorite , kind of.. 72 is boring.. But great to see a guy who appreciates it win.
it's going to be an interesting show. their new material is pretty crazy. happy pre-birthday!
Bring a food donation to support #NeighborsWithoutWalls & get a discount, use the extra money to support who'll be there
There are two sure fire success stories in this world <U+0096> (i) food business and (ii) clothing business
You're absolutely right, being uncomfortable is a good thing.
that's awful, poor dog!
'We Need to Talk About Kevin' opens at the Capital Theater this weekened...
too bad im gay ;D
Reading Jess Stoner's I HAVE BLINDED MYSELF WRITING THIS.
RT Rally Haft Tir sq Protest right now.
Cant believe u havent busted out the pic w/that kid latched to Ice-T's wife #gameon?
You know im high im over here eatin raisins lol them sun maid raisins poppin tho
"H3y wht r u dooin?"... About to throw a dictionary at your face?!?
Alright boys, this is what you've worked all season for!
I wish I came out the closet when I was in high school so I still wouldn't to have see the surprise on ppls faces as an adult..
Its time to pick the Spurs-Jazz series..how many games. No way Spurs lose right?
Ugh I hate morning breath....
Wish it was the weekend already. Seeing Avengers again, hanging out with friends and watching soccer.
So, I heard Twitter got hacked yesterday. Thank god I was only on once yesterday.
#ThingsMyMotherSays she'd always randomly be like; "don't you touch my dog!!" haha from silence of the lambs <3
makes me want to travel more! Where was this?
I had hoped to go, but was wait listed :(
well well well, welcome to the tweet game ! Follow this scholarly gentleman my friends!
I wish he would stop calling me.
No man can sincerely try to help another without helping himself. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
A: ...Many in developing world trying to wrestle back their publishing rights. #Western publishers have been exploitative for years
“: I miss u guys.”I Miss You To <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I Hope All Is Well I Love You
I just wanna go to school and not be around you. Maybe I'll get lost in NYC and never have to come back
"You can't start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one." stolen by the lovely
“: ....those who don't believe in magic will never find it...”
watching basketball cuz that's what everyone at home is doing. it's rather exciting. rooting against anything associated with Dallas = bonus
How to Purchase Calutide Online Without Prescription, Nilandron ...
Oh ya made Elaise who def sucks Dick STFU IT'S ABOUT TIME!! LMAO SNEAK ATTACKS don't matter when sum1 is always jumping ppl
RT if you'll be adding tribal print to your closet this weekend!!
AH totally forgot. tomorrow? i'll come on your lunch break to grab it.
Y r u elated ? Thought HH wanted 2 confront his accuser & prove his 'innocence' ? Very FISHY!
you're Gorgeous! I <U+2665> your makeup Liz! =D
Hart was very deep, and guarding the line. Following the scouting report, I'm sure, but it didn't work out.
I have an exciting weekend ahead of me
Always, Always, Always, Always follow your dreams and never let anyone or anything stop you from living your passions :)
The hungry little boy with the runny nose plays in the street as the cold wind blows in the ghetto....
The good times make the bad times worth our time
Wife: Steve Harvey pic gon make black relationships worse. Me: It's just a movie. Wife: Love Jones made black poetry worse. Game: Blouses.
Oh I see. It's part of his character background. It takes him FOREVER to get to work.
That's a popular shirt and I've never heard of or scene one w what you said on it.
I wish I could say it's just a matter of time... but it's taking to long.
Help us get to 100 followers! We're trying to preserve the cultural uniqueness of
Are we still fighting?
Looking to finance or refinance an overleveraged multifamily property whose value has taken a nosedive? Remington can help.
planning my move into the new place. where will I put all my books and stuff without any furniture?
Many friends ask me why dont I play out I have'nt told them but I dedicated this gift to God a couple of yrs ago.
Am I the only one who feels bad for Pete?
welcome to Twitter! It's a bit addicting!
I wasn't sure either that's why I asked
One Love.
im going to bed and if u want to know my xbox live gamertag its: rockster2000
Yes i bet this is exactly what #Louisville is ready for right NOW RT : Louisville KY!!! Y'all ready for the show!!??
I wanna be done with this week & get these research papers over !
Could be just cause I'm mobile, I'll try on the computer when I get my lazy bottom up off the couch.
Stiglitz interview, (..I wonder if anyone has tied his information asymmetry Nobel work to Open-Access, Gov transparency thinking.)
CONFUSING ass people
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME ON PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS THAT I AM ACTUALLY NOT PRODUCTIVE
lol don't those statements contradict...a lady would have not fucked with him right? Lol :-)
My thoughts are with Whitney Houston's family.
A dog barks when his master is attacked. I would be a coward if I saw that God's truth is attacked and yet would remain silent.” John Calvin
Great meeting you tonight at the DVD premiere and dinner. Driver has to pick up this pace...we have at least 800 in line
Exercise bikes/core workouts here I come
Every child deserves a chance at a life filled with love, laughter, friends and family. - -Marlo Thomas
me too. I wanted her with Kevin for awhile. It just made sense~
Just shrink your head and you'll be golden...LOL!!!! JK!!! Beetlejuice might be able to help you out....pahahahaha!!! JK!!! :)
I'm excited to take Ethics and Transgression next term. I'm nervous as a Design major, but I need it.
Rise and grind!!!! lol I know I'm not the only one that just woke up lol
If love is a red dress, then dress me in rags.....
HE'S ALIVE !!
Followed :) Check out my videos and share with your friends and "like" my FB page: MarissaM_Fans
I just want to touch him. Once.
who plays tomorrow inside da gates
Since Dem JFK took office in Jan 1961, non-gov payrolls up by almost 42 million jobs under Dems, only 24 million for Rep presidents.
“ Obstacles cannot bend me. Every obstacle yields to effort. ” Leonardo da Vinci (1452–1519) Italian painter, sculptor, inventor
: sorry but I have a no chocolate left behind policy!
M! McDonald's breakfast!
to share what I learned at #NCSL with my YWLP mentoring group :D
I ran out of my house around a 11 and got about 3 seconds of video of Discovery on final approach. Yay!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 9
same here but theres this one person that gets in my nerves ! Lmao
Oh true. Well I was wanting to go to downtown Orlando Saturday night but now I'm not sure what's going on.
Can't get my head out of the clouds today <3
R.I.P. #JohnPayton, civil rights legend/heavyweight/trailblazer, etc. We will abide by your legacy of equity and justice for all.
JUST ANNOUNCED...Chikeria and Herborn-Seelbach at German Fest this year!
RT "A professional writer is an amateur who didn’t quit. ~ Richard Bach"
Diggin' on Freddie Hubbard's album 'Ready for Freddie' today.
An ounce of Platinum can be stretched 10,000 feet.
If I Dont Ask For Your Opinion Then I Dont Care What You Think Or Have To Say .
good news for the bucks...
Im getting there. Slowly, but surely.
Did I say #LakeShow I should have said #BLakeShow haha
RT Need to get healthy and exercise again!!
I chose to watch the wrong Heat game. -.- First shot in and Lee is already on the floor. -_-
According to the brookside art fair, people in Kansas City like paintings of barns and photos of Paris.
haha I just Andrew at the school getting his equipment
“Exotic Marigold Hotel” looks good, but if there were two more main characters needed, I am not sure there are sufficient British actors...
Styles How That Work
We need to cut extreme environmentalism to use our oil & natural gas while developing clean more efficient energy for future
guns on deck baby tigers for pets. What's next?
#ochocinco is New England's problem now, good luck to them...
Absolutely ! Hope you are doing great!
Ecology seminar with Cohen and Morton interrupted by actual elemental relations: tornadoes.
RT I think I may have to do a pop up in Hyde Park. :-) <always on some hot shit
Just realized that the #badgers kick off the college football season tomorrow. I love football, but I'm not ready for summer to be over.
wow, thats fast. btw: she was also waving to the camera, the cameraman supposedly is her BF and she was on phone with him waving?
I know! Miss ya, little brother :) maybe I'll go to LA this summer if you're performing
I love ! The other one... Not so much
hey Mr. LV cab. Do you want to take a Twitterer to insert coins from wynn?
Is coming to Minnesota<3
he will (:
This is going to be the slowest day of my life.
You guys ready for the Red Sox to start up? Because us Bostonians are!! #BostonPride #NESN Follow back??
Wait so after I paid for my window seat on you are now asking me to switch for an aisle seat. no thank you.
Patience and timing lead to another day of successful trading. The ability to read the character of the market is key to strategy selection
From what I know or was told? Unfortunately yes! Social media, bloggers, etc. Tweetup
Why not have students involved in the digital learning content creation
Tonight ill be at coco xo!!! Vegas style
I hate how I get treated differently! Mom I hate the way you act like a bitch and play favorites!
Arary McGowan (Arary_McGowan) Thanks for the follow. DM me for a free #60secondShirtShop (lite) we love our followers!
Three things..1. These errors need to stop. 2. The Yankees can blow me. 3. The strike zone is some BULLSHIT.
spoiled!! :P
my fav. weather I need 2 be were u at but um check out my boy Gutta J Nino Brown on youtube
Scratch that...i wish I could be rude sometimes
Florida Keys. Bitches.
I'll pick Kevin,mark and Tony let's see who gets it right
Masseuse in Eden Prairie, Minn claims that Favre sent her innuendo-laden text messages last September.
i think you should follow me:)?
Excuse me as I shoot this girl in the face.
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we can help call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Picking up the boy-pilot at the airport. Still doesn't have his driver's license. He's late! Prob playing with his b-day present (pictured).
Following back ": #Nf "
It's no secret I'm older than most of you, yet I feel like I'm supposed to forget my age and pretend to be a monster.
no.. just 3
Keep me in mind, somewhere down this road you might get lonely : )
RT Great! enjoy the show. Fingers crossed on the weather ;)
It's so weird! All of my clothes are shrinking. I can't figure it out.
I see. Maybe I'll download a trial version of Fireworks to play with. I don't have 15 yrs. to learn Photoshop or Illustrator!
unless you can type it in 140 characters or less :-)
who wants a Free Song?
soon you two won't have to cook again, as long as your ok with frozen cheese pizzas for breakfast lunch and dinner.
I ain't got nothing to say to her.
Come and enjoy your evening @ Kettner Night Art Walk tonight from 6 to 9! We will be there:):)
I wish people would get off my back about my boyfriend gosh people are so judgemental
So true. There is a great, uh, book by the Mexican writer Gabriel Zaid about this. In English it's called So Many Books.
I'm sure he would not mind lol
RT : When your mind says "Give up" Hope whispers "One more try"
Take my hand together we can do it ; I'm gonna love you through it <U+2665>
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
Editing to #POTC soundtrack. How's that for motivation!
Nope because it was with my fiance. But she cheated on me and now I'm a female pleaser. So it worked out fine for me! lol
I can give up fast food no prob. If everyone grew what they ate, the ratio of veggies to meat would be better
Not Cleveland is my guess ha
Thank you and VentureSHOT for the generous sponsorship. The attendees will be amazed by everything that VentureSHOT has to offer.
I'm burning myself out... But I know if I push through this, I will find power within.
: If you don't like me, there's nothing I can do.Newsflash. I don't live to please you(:
Hello from Houston, TX! I use twitter to connect & learn with my PLN. A most powerful tool!
hold me rock me, calm and easy :)
great campaign, but a bit sad, no? one of the greatest living designers working for diet coke.
I work for the MN Historical Society. Plus I get excited about the overlap between content/digital/visitors/users, too.
What a good weekend with (:
Hope all is well Mama to be;)
its all a part of the learning process. just have to work hard and let things take care of themselves. i want to be great at the next level.
My student just asked me who goes to school on valentines? The answer is her teacher who left his valentine to teach.
Been a good World Series so far....
I've never been this close
Done with that tho.....
Northwest Sports tonight. 6-9pm AM860 exclusive The night at Fenway Mike Wallace of CBS cried on
Thanks for the mention
as usual you never invite your sisters
#AdamOnIdol = Perfection!! Vocals on point wow<3 I love you!
But she buys me chips and cheese so I tell her she's all I need #EdSheeran#YUSoFunny?
Curmudgeons can be interesting too. i always enjoy reading him.
can i get a follow back thickcocku7 from MFC
Im not spending Mother's Day with my mother because I went to 's graduation. My mom isn't mad because she loves Jenn!
Going to try to use this Twitter thing again!!! :)
Sweet mother of shit! (Aka The Virgin Mary) I just got the job offer for Budweiser Brewery! Looks like the "Alcoholicaust" is upon us.
For all of Tj Crouchy Bookah That had something to say about my Jacuzzi pic I finna post y'all ugly ass pictures
yeppers! And I'm glad that he is now in my state xD but I live in North Florida.. :(
Had an absolutely lovely time with & Thanks for the food and conversation, all!
"be the change you wish to see"
Nope, I dropped her and her sister off at MAM, 7:30ish
Hey Abby, glad you enjoyed the guide. It was truly a labor of love. :)
Solid xc meeting today, looking forward to future! shoutout!
Have a good trip! (Guessing you're on the road right now.)
My only guaranteed cry movie. RT I vividly remember "Mr. Holland's Opus". Every frame.
RT : Hooray! It looks like the UT campus will have a chance to be represented in the US Congress by again
Happy #TravelTuesday to some of our favorite #Hawaii hotspots sure to see ProBowlers
I'm in FL on biz and it's literally 1 degree warmer here! I miss home.
Play Ball
Bahahahahaha I appreciate it.
- I may have missed a beat on your tweets... For that, I apologize. In any event, let's make this year count for our lives.
Watching football
see I'm the chick that didnt think Robin hood prince of thieves was good either.
he remembered my purple hair from Nic's wedding lol
Maybe it's the coffee, maybe it's the snow, or maybe it's just me, but today seems less Monday-esque than normal. How's today treating you?
no tweets about the game? Your either a. in the fetal position on the floor or b. biting nails so can't type...
aw dang.
Thanks to , , for joining today!
killin time till tonight, chillin with bushman his woman, kswag and Jbriss :D
Me (or "mine") RT You. RT What is the oldest word?
Coming attractions: Government of the PAC, by the PAC, for the PAC. #whathappenedtomyvote?
DOG LEATHER MICROPHONE VANDAL ROUND 2 VIDEO SHOOT TONIGHT/// HIT US UP
Last week it was Doodles. This week Josie's. Vying for best breakfast spots in Lex!
Thx for the multiple RTs...You are greatly appreciated! Looking forward to your tweets on how to grow a
Both shows are at Strange Matter
Thank you so much for the tweets and support. Heading to arena now... It's time!
#MagicCity looks awesome.
The one you love and the one who loves you are never ever the same person....
I love Jordan
Nice!....I plan on cutting too....the 3rd time already!
good afternoon amazing:)
Don't judge a book by its cover. I know several male dancers, and they are all dedicated and respectful. Don't start this.
": Where is everyone planning to watch the Draft on Thursday?" Only place to be in Milwaukee is of course!
Ohkay I Hope So Babe :* <3
Set up a google alert on myself and so far all I've gotten are 2 obits for Mary Quicks in Missouri and Kansas. RIP ladies.
Jah lives! Children yeah!
I love my besti she the fuckn best:-)
My feb 17th menu didn't work out. Ordered takeout!
Rule #1 of the #Oakland Flea Market: Dressing shabby increases your negotiating ability and decreases the chances of a parking lot mugging.
Screw THEM! I'm still here. :O)
Joan's first class is on current awareness, e.g. "IP blogs: the pocket parts of the future!"
the more you try and convince me you're popular, the more i think otherwise...
I had to disassemble it. But hey, got the right clay now, gonna do it all over again, and proudly mount/frame my first successful failure.
#apple I'd use your cards app, if it had a conventional postcard. One side photo, one side text. $1 or $2 max.
Waiting patiently for the premiere of the video for #Payphone The highlight of an otherwise crappy day!
watching #storagewars on &e love Jared..so hot..
I hope you realize that I miss you, and I always wear the bracelet you gave me since mine broke. I love you.
Here we go.
#howtokeepawoman a good deadbolt on your doors?
We had a great table read yesterday for "I am Gabriel" (the movie). I'm so excited about working on this project!
~ I am LOVING seeing God create your platform! Go AMTC Family, Go Advantage, Go DUSTIN! Congrats!!! :)
U.S. Mobile Map usage up 39% versus year ago and surpasses one-third of all map uses for 1st time ever in May 2011. #CRE benefactor
Sitting at lunch with these niggas ahaha.
Yeah, Lakers will get off the mat and win a couple games.
peep 's new joint. Fire like the good ol days. W.o-dmusic.com ... Holla
thank you sir!
Appreciative of RT << wishing u all a wonderful evening, happy Friday & a great weekend!!
DC: Graham winning in the ward one polls? What ever happened the the honorable TEDDY LOZA? What's up with that?
sitting next to griffin, just finished some class work?
they were sent today but looks like there is a delay. If it doesn't arrive by morning I'll send again! ;-)
It just FEELS wrong that there are frat boys selling hot dogs to support the research of breast cancer...but I can't voice precisely why
stay out of my account please
you tell em chest hair!
Bruce all the way
. says university presses provide alternate locus of accreditation for emerging areas of inquiry
UVA versus Virginia Tech is a 'thing'
Chef Duff made ma a cake!
Also, LOTS OF BRATWURST.
I'm sure youd love that ^_^
I feel like crawling up in a corner like an Emo boy all of a sudden. . . :-\
is there one of those close to the east side?
Imagination equips us to see a reality we have yet to create. Take five minutes today and daydream about something important to you.
I want to be every little thing that you want, that you need, that you breathe.
well, according to my sociologist wife, gender isn't binary, it is a spectrum. so if chrome will make me extra-mannish, I'll try it
That moment when I ask my mom if I can go to a boarding school in Canada and she said maybe xD
Baseball just began. He can change his mind!
They give you your soul back if you drop out. Mine's pretty beat up, even after less than a year, but it still works
looking for DEV PARTNERS for GAME & INTERACTIVE... licensed & original IP... some very, VERY cool stuff going on
DAD ANSWER DA PHONE. I WANNA SEE ALREADY.
It's almost Game of Thrones time on HBO!!
Raising awareness for at-risk children in our community this month...follow
what's she competing in?
let's talk about this via text, cuz im gettin off hah
Relax, relate, release.
Thank you! Great trips, but delighted to be back.
Team me !
Lol when a kid gets kicked out of biology for passing gas hahaha
can we get a gif of that Z-bo intense clapping?
I've still got the stupid idea that you will come back.
Everything that man says was just churning in a blender in my head a msec ago. LoVE
and he has the best tan in chicago
Break a Leg Talent Manangement Photo Shoot March 11, 2011
Who are your top 5 in the #KyDerby? Do you know if Rome's entering Miz this weekend?
Love Orl #Magic but gotta show love to my neighbor #DocRivers and #Celtics. Have a special spot for short and to the point
Dick for that hahah
oh ok how old r u? U might be a lil too young for those days
Marc Ecko's formula for AWEthentic connections........panel this morn.
It's going great man, got 3 new songs & a website in the works! Would love to book another show together
changing your twitter name
Can Y'all Me More About Austin ? I Don't Know Much About Him ! Anna Was The One That Showed Him To Me <3 -April
Thank you Harold! Harold in Portland, OR answered someone's call for help!
ambivalence = "both valences". When you have positive and negative feelings toward the same object. (via wikipedia)
I don't believe that is what irony actually means
put up a new lighting fixture this morning, read 85 pages of a business book (The Balanced Scorecard), and listening to my iPod.
We just got added to the show with next wednesday may 9th at ! very excited! please come join us... 7:30pm show
Clinging to sanity. Kids over the top crazy.
What's your #SXSW2012 adventure?
This week...my 2 page final and my psychology review I must get done tonight after my meetings! Doing my reel tomorrow..final friday morning
That awkward when the only french words are the lyrics to "Lady Marmalade"....
dude if you fine a girl like that propose on the spot she has been blessed
Bitches on my Jock
That is awesome news!!!!!!!
Got the tickets for the R5 show Monday! Let me know if you want some! $10 each. :)
Sometimes I wonder why I watch novelas then I remember tht I have no life -.-
Wow! I had a double nap day! Sweet! And still got some stuff done! Love Saturdays :)
Congratulations on your certification, Dion!
you will get plenty of pics! Zak is coming over tomorrow night so maybe he can skype you
Thank you for that #shoutout!
I couldn't agree more! although seems to think otherwise ;)
Club hopper
u mad?
Congrats to SR LB Ryan Piatek 4 being honored as the top D3 player from S. Jersey by the Southern NJ TD Club. 2nd Award banquet this week!
To vilify a great man is the readiest way in which a little man can himself attain greatness. Edgar Allan Poe Sounds like Obama
Get your chunky behind up and push me around in a wheelchair. You can definitely use it!
I wish I liked coffee...
Just took some Spark and now its workout time!
Lots of orders going to tomorrow: cupcakes, cream puffs, bagels, more bagels and bagel chips.
Glad to be back on track today.
are you already at BAH??
Looking for outside sales staff-local /region/nationwide.
YES! Jamie Moyer makes Rockies rotation.
happy birthday to you
we are almost a wrap. It will be a great one.
yes! Thank you. Was searching for it or something like it forever today.
Family is here
Been to the batting cages two days straight and my batting skills improve tremendously.
at the library rite now i like it here its so quite unlike my home jk jk i luv it there too
Wedding tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Just watched the movie "Once" ...amazing. 5/5
Hey will you take me on a date for my eighteenth birthday? :)
I just now learned about the earthquake and hope all my friends East of me are well.
Yes, yes do it! If you decide on a style quick we can get a yeast starter going for you, we have saved a few vials.
My neighbors listen to good music. Whether they want to or not! -__-
well stated! Nice job!
love you too beck!
- see!!!! It's so annoying! I have a charger in every room of my house and my car and work lol Smh
Are you passionate about technology, business, and design? Do you get excited when you see how Apple has converged the three? Yes? Ping me!
buffalo... get down to mohawk place. now .
90!! Can I trade ya a 50?
Just made it through all of the episodes of #ThePractice on ! Do I want more? YES! But until then, on to #Lost!!!!!!!
If only the #CTA would get me to work on time
Go get authentic Dim Sum in Chinatown.
Another item on #CV council agenda: increasing 389-unit Olympic Pointe condo project by 38 units and 1.2 acres.
Proud to have a lot of projects prepped for launch soon. Mission is to provide great user experiences and put the net to work for clients.
Make money money, make money money
thanks. He is getting past the point where it's adjusting to a new league. All Halo fans excepted this deal would be ugly 1/2
today is shit no one to talk to lunch alone and don't get to c the person I really want to c :/ damn hope these last 4 weeks school go fast
#pupuplatter wasn't as good as I remembered it 25 years ago
Yes, but was it on beautiful stuff? B/c we hear that is a-ok!
prayer said for Colleen in church today. Love and hugs to both of you.
RT : SCIENCE: Intelligent Design proponents admit having no explanation for the origins of Fred Phelps.
Everyone #FF the buttcrack out of ... Woman should be in the 100's of followers by now
Really looking forward to the & double feature tonight!
#Shoutout , thanks for the follow, would love to see some of ur dances!...God Bless
That's funny!
Basically, some fucking fucker is dinging all Amazon Vine reviewers.
Everyday is full of surprises, challenges, and changes. This is how life gets its flavor. :)
now Scott, you don't want this happen.
its okay
I have a story.
Brownies are done!
anyway it is a matter of weeks now until the print version comes out. most of the heavy lifting is done. hope it helps #autistics everywhere
I love when people lie to me especially women because when I find out the truth and confront you mouths drop like they saw Jesus.
I was thinking the exact same thing! But yes you will still have me! Ha
I hope that Boof guy realizes that is the risk one takes when purchasing a ticket. The #Reds can't control the weather.
I love that pic!
What a night... I am off to meet Chantha. He whom I am not allowed to name in Social Media... meh... he never reads this shit.
Writting this down. There's a Sopranos script in here somewhere.
It's thanks hun I really appreciate that, that's why I say a lot on mind
So what are you selling this time? I've got ride on cars and a Peg Perego double stroller that I loved! Also a mini basketball hoop!
Sleep! Yes please. =]
#Imagine You're with Harry at the beach watching the sunset. When he suddenly turns around & grabs your hand ''Will you marry me?''
(Cont.) In statement Walker says no public money was used on his attorneys. He says he is meeting w DA voluntarily.
- Would you kindly slap Sir Charles in his albeit smaller bald head for dissing #BeMilwaukee ! Feel better
Happy Valentines Day <U+E437><U+E328><U+E329><U+E003>
no way ! I told that guy he couldn't come in!
And MW thru partnership w/ CBS Sports Net RT army-navy done a great deal through TV partnerships w CBS to get those games on
what's a good pair of comfortable/stylish nude shoes to pair with my dresses?
Put her head through the headboard again... 3rd one this month
Why can't you leave my mind!
Hope you feel better soon..
Headed on an alligator tour right outside of New Orleans.
Thank you so much! I don't know how we missed this tweet before. We really appreciate the love.
Happy Friday the 13th.This tends to always be a much luckier day than usual. Expecting bad luck usually brings good luck. or a good drink.
Meh...maybe...but some people do need a punch in the face...no way around it!! LOL!
Working at KISS FM and watching the Bears game!
what happened to the American pride...Made In America pride...
This nigga hunter too funny
I guess I'm just so scared of getting hurt again that I won't let things happen.
Still working through the Outlander series #fridayreads Currently a quarter of the way through Breath of Snow and Ashes
the pacers putting on a clinic!!
We wentto #pcb together RT : Roman, and I didn't realize it until I was looking thru pictures and saw you in a few
AH MARK
everybody follow / #TEAMVANESS my girl grindin . support her PLEASE . UP&COMING artist so stay tuned !
No ? Meyer is a great coach but trust me the Gator Nation would pick Spurrier by a landslide as greatest coach
how long will the bath take. I've got to get to work pretty soon.
"I don't want then to stumble into my pants"
sure. just send me the details! :-)
haha, i may have to get that as a tattoo
#WFUD12 reporters are governed by collegiality. Would my colleagues be okay with this?
oh really
Inspired too & realized that I been doing Bootstrap UX already! I'll be talking about it Fri morning at 8
How To Clean Leather | Modern Home and Garden
It has been a long battle. Of course, I finally get this done when there are only two class sessions left...oh well. :)
Hey babe. How's life treatin ya?
Instead of changing the facts of a story to make yourself feel/look better, be honest w/ yourself & start by changing your character.
just antibiotics and 3 days rest, sounds ok, but after one day I am bored....I have one antibiotics that cost almost $70
Thanks Dimesz & I hope so too !
Omw To School.
We miss you
You're doing great. Just keep that notion at the forefront and your craft will not be secondary. Or something. LOL
Fighting up next: Tulsa, Oklahoma. OCTOBER 9TH!!!
#Rays can't catch a break today. 50 game ban for 2nd no. 1 pic Tim Beckham. Salt in the wound? Longoria is out 4-8 weeks with torn hamstring
isThat who Nick's dating!?
Delone Carter just signed with the Colts. Is he the best dynasty RB that no one is talking about?
I knoww. I was laughing at how her little legs were goin when she was dancing, lemme give her some fried chicken&collard greens
Congratulations to for winning the #Twitter #contest! Yay!!!
You got it, it's a helluva good point!
so freaking tired
Earth in upheaval: Europe stole the show in 2011. In 2012 the debacle may consume the west, US & Japan; plus crises in Iran, N. Korea, etc..
don't make her no more :(
that sucks! did you name it? i broke my little chillum the night before 4/20 :(
I think too much
All the Pod Heads celebrating today.
Well, resting so my arm doesn't fall off hahaha. but I'm going to see a movie with my mom and sister tonight.
right here lol
why you askin' all them questions? assuming?
We are we are The Youth Of The Nation!
Ahh, hanging with the boyfriend and friends today (; <3
When Zimmerman get off, what yall gonna do?
Free shirt? Win a free shirt by LIKING us on Facebook.com/GreatLakesClothingCompany one randomly selected new follower will win a free tee!
Standing, clapping! RT : Should be goal for all. Be intentional. Happen to your life. Don't let your life happen to you
#sharkweb Separate webinar subject area in divisible sections.
Is it 5 yet...is it 5 yet..is it 5 yet?
Where is Aaron Horkey? Ready to be blown away in 2012!
Braxton Family Values Reunion!!
Actress Tori Spelling is 39. Actress Lynn Collins is 35. Actress Melanie Lynskey is 35. Actress Megan Fox is 26. Actor Jacob Zachar is 26.
DM me your number and I will text you.
Not yet - but we are gearing up to start printing private label stuff! Stay tuned.
surf spray from than dry shampoo.
QUESTION FOR AMERICANS + CANADIANS!!!!, Do you understand Max George's accent from The Wanted.
as you can see no iPhone or android app :(
I know. It will be ugly.
agree. It's a time of re-discovery and innovation. Those scared fail to adapt and ultimately perish.
aw thanks! I'm sure your burn will be all gone by tomorrow. Glad you had fun! ;)
i heart Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. It worked wonders around my apartment!
O GOD JESUS BE WIT THEM.
Its so disappointing, families don't eat together, nobody cooks anymore...everybody is chasing the dollar or a title.
Same He's Too Cute(;
I always wonder about #Oomf intentions <U+E40A>
Don't let the weather get you down, lift your spirits with a good old sweat! Join us for Cardio @ 8am, Pilates @ 12 or Yoga @ 6 & 7:15pm!
9AM, 80 degrees & sunny, spent time with my Savior, walked on beach, took a swim in pool, working in board shorts & flip flops..GOD IS GOOD!
My weekend will consist of writing, music & Netflix all so that my next weekend will consist of fun times with
What a double standard! If a woman Senator had posed nude - she would get neg press
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” Lao Tzu (Notice: Are you willing to go 1,000 miles? - I am)
By any chance, does anyone have a sharp object that I can stab myself in the eye with?
I debated whether to include GTown Arts Fest, WS Summer Fest & Folklife too but decided to strictly stick to the 3 major events
thank u it was alot of fun :)
What the hell did they change? I gave up returning them.
WILL U BE MY VALENTINE?
Its a beautiful day... Dont let it get away !
SORRY HUN, WE ARE FULL THIS THURS EVENING, IS TOMORROW ANY GOOD? OR 530 WEDS?
oh wow? a sub-par lady antebellum record beats george strait and taylor swift?
We are not makers of history. We are made by history
Attention Pike Twp. Parents--Last time I checked, the Pike Library...was still a library, not a free day care center!
Well, when you live in KY, you support KY.
A fight to the death between a ful grown African Lion and an American Grizzly bear...Who wins?
13% of Women Watch Porn at Work
What store?
This guy has been a sperm donor for 3 yrs...& he has 70+ kids....DAAAAAAMMMN!
you would know.......lmao
I know I'm so happy ! ! ! & I can't wait to see y'all in a few weeks !
That's awesome to hear. Thanks for sharing the great news, you just made our day! : )
A3: From the nonprofit world, so no. It all goes back to me hauling books to PO for free and happy to...paying dues. @
My dog is really good at getting in the way
My book club just did the 1st book. We all thought it was good but not always well written. I think your work is much better!
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYBODY =D
my bitch say im her trendin topic
I'll bbl then Its goodbye till June (:
I deleted my four square but briefly considered reactivating Facebook...
I struggle with not wanting to be a hipster and wanting to buy a typwriter.
your like Kumars big sister (:
-____________- because......i was....born this way. :(
Hoped to, but have to see how this crazy day shakes down... Owe you an e-mail too re: OK--soon I promise! :)
I'd like to go SOPA on pre-conference intro music, American Idol, and all things Kardashian.
Good one!
I love that the first batter of the MLB regular season was Chone Figgins. Bud Selig is an equal-opportunity troll.
#Echelon3000 Thursday w/ Meek Mills ! #HOUSEPARTY ...Ladies *FREE* all night. Come!
No dunking?
tell me please in what and why
#DescribeYourExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Liar Liar
Another wedding, another set of photobooth pictures, another new avatar.
Louis threw carrots at me, because I love carrots. Seems legit.
Don’t forget Ghee Brand. /cc
This week is going by so slow.
The food channel has great programing for quick and easy dishes. TWEET YOUR RECIPES Paula Deen
If you have a dream, a purpose, something you believe in... Chase them, and FUCK what anyone else thinks.
no I was in the slippery rock tournament
Chipmunk family reunion, someone stole the nuts, squirrel jail, JUSTICE!! #OhFlo:)
Thanks, workspaces + GOTO Meeting is a good combo; microsoft lync and sharepoint or VMware sliderocket/?octopus? don't cut it
Take a hint! My tweets are for you <3
I promise I'll share. :) “: is this a personal dating game for Toni??? Such a rough job”
Thanks for the follow! Love bags but backpacks are better for the back, esp. w/ my 17-inch macbkpro
Aaaaawww thank u sweetie same to you and your family.
cause I can't be boring. It's impossible. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
In mid july 1990 something, Mad Jack was feeling his freedom. It was hotter than almost hell and the other convicts were in a pissy mood
FML my pants are still wet
Reminder: We're re-opening at 7pm, and we'll be serving beer, wine & cider at happy hour prices from 7-8pm tonight! See you soon!
RT : RT : Watching #16toLife on - just got to #dream sequence "She is a naughty girl!" hahaha
While the dust still settles in Egypt...
I always wondered if gentlemen still existed. He changed that tonight
No Strings attached like a cordless phone #ColeWorld Lol
"The most imp. practice in the world is the one u actually do." RickHanson, on choosing the "right" spiritual practice.
Beautiful morning in GA today man
My crush doesn't have a twitter :(
Day off from #running was much needed! Muscle recovery is just as important...right? Got some chores done to!
HD FOOTAGE yes please
Any #newplay s to recommend that speak to #occupy?
#FF our singer !! (ME! Lol) That's my personal Twitter, all the cool kids follow that page as well. And I follow all fans back! RT!
Happy 3rd Birthday to the man I love the most; my godson. I love you TJ! <3
You any less than you deserve you appear just like a dream to me and I can't live my life without you do thank you for everything (cont.)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DR. SEUSS from THE THRILLING LA ZOMBIES
you should see the chat log from the conversation I'm having with right now
Without Facebook I probably wouldn't have wished you a happy birthday.
I don't think ppl should be allowed to save seats.
post highlight tape and photos for free recruithighschool.com
Have a great weekend everyone!
Trying to migrate a legacy SVN repot to GIT when it has a lot of modified binary files is a big pile of sad.
Amen, brother!
Pretty sure everyone with an iPhone needs to get sky burger! It's addicting! :D
tell Carrie hello for me and get a twitter!
Need some Merlot...
“: Yea look at dat fro!” savage
Some of the mfckrs I follow can't spell.
how sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
One stop shop Boating Center at MarineMax. Wide selection of New & Used, Parts, Service, & Accessories. No one does it better than we do!!!!
follow us
I can if they in different conferences!
it's really intense! I barely got through the fitness test! It's not a good way to ease into working out routinely
lets through it down.
Magical. Magical day.
IT A BEAUTIFUL NIGHT TODAY BUT IT A LITTLE COLD .........;)
Someone LIke Me just picked up its 86th Amazon review (81st five-star). So honored that my readers take the time to post their thoughts!
He looks like he belongs on the evil Icelandic team in Mighty Ducks 2.
Abraham Lincoln said: This government must be preserved .. nowhere in the world is presented a government of so much liberty and equality.
I don't wanna get up!
people so stupid...
Hugs Back!!!
Its officially my birthday! (:
WTF? RT Chairman Becker just announced that #civilunions bill is no longer 5th up; suddenly 7 bills in front of it.
#NFLDraft preview and commentary from detroit "insiders" shows how lucky we were to have
Everybody play the tough guy till shit pop off.
the bad news is I am sick today and couldn't study at all. the worse news is i still have to study my face off... :(
Jesus dummb ass <<<<
haha you don't carry any books in there anyway I'll fit!
Can't believe Dusty took out Marshall.
Pension protests block Guinea CBG bauxite factory
Tried to text and vote for Jamar and realized I didn't have Sprint. Dang it!
Kalleberg: All industrial countries have to deal with how to balance the need for flexiblity with the security of workers
that looks good, let me know what you think!
I hope its nice out!
RT : Get a great deal on #parkbenches, no matter what they’re made of.: These 3 Seat Wooden Park Benches with Contour......
CForce had a good Spring Game and is looking forward to the upcoming season :)
#mozartsbirthday - Requiem In D Minor K. 626
Tweet Tweet! I've had this acct for sev months & never get on it!! Don't know...
Omg!! I've just been drinking orange juice every morning. I hope that's just as good? Haha
have a great day bro and tell P Dave hi for me and please ask him to call me when he has time.
It's much easier to double your business by doubling your conversion rate than by doubling your traffic. Jeff Eisenberg
i love love love 's new song. i can't stop listening to it :)
Vietnamese Student Association's Lunar New Year tickets are on sale for $5. The show is this Saturday, get your tickets before prices go up
I know you won't read this but I Love You!!! :)
Ok even if no one reads it I'm still gonna post a new story!! So be prepared. (=
Most people do. Lol
Serge Gainsbourg's Histoire de Melody Nelson has been the perfect start to the day (in addition to being 1 of the most perfect albums ever).
yes can't wait! :)
Not to be outdone by Facebook, Myspace just bought a bunch of old pictures and disposable cameras from some hipster garage sales.
Hey, the girl isn't screaming. That's right: I trade frosties for peace. So what! (cheaper than aba)
whats up my friend how's everything i mean everything lol
The kid is watching Handy Manny, a bilingual show about a Hispanic fix-it guy. Does anyone else see the stereotype here, or is it just me?
We are underway now in first overtime...
Am I the only one who thought will smith was the actual prince of bell air...??
Missin' you all!
God bless Mikey Burton!
O'Malley's and Congress tonight! Come out! I might even let you buy me a Cherry Coke. ;)
math is so boring.
oh lawd . keep it up and you might get a double tap -_-
Its going to be a little drizzy tomorrow expect a lil wayne! Lol
I was wondering where yalls individual twitters were, but I guess this is better:)
Thursday night! Bowling Green KY. Newmatic and Halo Stereo at Tidballs. Can't wait to get back to BG, Kentucky!
You should listen to some other music too! There's a big ocean of music out there
So aproximately around when are you guys going to announce tour dates? You know preferably Indy.. ...haha.
#MemphisTigers nice win
You have a feel on which way this young man may go Mr Demling?
Well back to work on my price sheets and lables.
ty! and wow life groove. I dig that B)
PTL! RT If you don't know Him, I invite you to seek Him. He's alive, death has lost and Love has won. His name .... Jesus.
My feet hurt
Lazy Faculty Scandal: No students will be taught during the time I spend walking to the vending machine for a pop tart. #dayofhighered !
screw valentines day...happy #TomlinsonTuesday everybody!!
sure you do...
hey bro.. still never received my hardcover version of footprints.. what's up with that!
Aw, thanks! It might be a bit too girly for you - LOL! But thanks! :)
No! What are you going to do? Im double checking my coffee reserves just in case.
Bad news.... your segment got cancelled from here on out... WEIRD!?!?!?
Can't wait to visit on Thursday to try out their new vegan options!
#SOTU I am so ready for this. better listen well.
gotcha... I replied
Its true what they say about grey, you really cant read this thing in public
nobody is. You don't have to be perfect to make someone happy.
These customers this morning man...
Also a piece from a mom to her daughter. Tissues! I need tissues, STAT!
Brb. Planting my dreams.
Happy Bobby Valentine's Day!
Remember when Neil Simon came to see #LOSTINYONKERS at the Beckett #Theatre?
DON'T DO IT! It will only take you deeper into the crevasse.
I've witnessed it take over the lives of people I truly care about most.. Shit's saddening
Alright, it's Friday. Let's make this happen, Twitterville. We got the stand if you got the keg.
I got you fam
If someday an out-of-his mind guy decides to propose to me....the proposal has to be over the top, fa'sho
Lamar needs to play better ball or either quit the show or basketball. He obviously can't do both!
www.haroldmiller4mayor.com
Got respect for country music.
#OWIF: I need to go on the lam and escape this posse, but all I have in my pocket is a Leatherman and four different kinds of Skittles.
I can only hope it is an April Fool's Day joke that Ashton Kutcher will play Steve Jobs in an upcoming movie. Think differently.
Ginko: Good ingredients, creativity on a roll at this tiny Tremont restaurant
P word will be here in 13 days & I have NOTHING but my dress
wouldn't be valuable otherwise. Heartbreaking as it is, life is a beautiful truth, not always pretty.
It's all for you. Every thing I do.
Advisory Committee recommends whooping cough vaccines for over 65s
Thank you homie! RT : happy birthday to the homie
Going out for a bit.
Searching for a mass grave in Lithuania near Giedraiciai. Leave in a week for our film shoot in Lithuania.
Anyone in the Twitterverse have a love of a particular web host? I need one for a personal portfolio site.
IKEA town? Does that mean it's built entirely with an allen wrench?!
Today, I'm going to do all the things I love doing. Starting off with cleaning this apartment.
If I had to choose between breathing and loving Austin, I would use my last breath to tell Austin that I love him.
Realizing my man is coming home tm now we can finally break out the #scannable on the home turf
I wanna get shocked like Powder. Imma stand in the rain
Ya I can see that. I actually only remember bits and pieces, Black Dahlia is pretty forgettable, Hollywoodland is decent though.
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying "I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!"
I had a great day today! So glad GOD blessed me with this family.
haha I'll have a marathon ton and catch up
Morgan just belched...she just declared our friendship even more!!
i know my manager is crazy
I NEED SUM OR A BADD ASS KOOL FEMALE "FRIEND" I LOVE HANGIN AROUND BADD WOMEN
Don't look for bug references, look for "uninhabitable". Look at Arlington law for with holding rent with escrow accounts.
Good Morning
I itchy :I
Optimus Parentibus => To my excellent parents, a common dedication in a book
"says when life brings ya down, get up, punch it in the face, and yell <U+FFFD>I<U+FFFD>m Chuck Norris!!<U+FFFD>"
I am living abroad in Prague. I had sex with two sisters last night after I told them I was from Brooklyn. MLINY
Go to bed.
As long as you’re going to be thinking anyway, think big. – Donald Trump
Latest Uncanny by made me finally see the deeper issue at stake in AvX beyond It's A Really Big Fight. Neat. - DvL
Oy. So when reading for work on an ereader, check length in advance in case, you know, the novel it turns out to be 1042 pages long.
So glad someone has one.. we have rain! Eeeps! :)
Why do I love Quaalude jokes so much?
One more month and I'll be in Lima. Can't wait to try out the fantastic restaurants there.
Invites to our 2 contest will be comng soon - Free laptop, and Fre Pro Video Camera! www.workforbooks.com pls RT
Great! Do we need your Friend Code?
agreed! One of my favs too. Haven't seen it in a while. I think I need to bust it out.
Try and stop me, I dare you
U must B smoking!!!! Y'all jinks the bulls from rose being injured 2 now. I hope the bulls wnt evr do y'all show again.
“: Just fiinished reading Game Change - great book!”
yes they are! Kylestock band!?;)
Well her friend John and his gf died last night :/ Im trying to calm her. I hate seeing her cry. It breaks me </3
You can't cut me off! I need my next (illustrated) fix!
If Clinton can do it, u can 2! Ladies, come n 2day au natural & u will get 1 item cleaned 4 free on us!
What happens, happens. You're gonna be fine, bruh.
what exactly happened to him?
do you like tangerine ice-cream?(:
deal! When your big race coming soon?
You should probably be concerned. Can't be good.
alarming. Is that technically a wasted vote w/ Newt's campaign over? These 12K could've had a better "write in" candidate.
Twitter will take over Facebook within a year, you watch.....
I'm missing my other half...
thanks babe, making a good recovery :)
To every dick rider who said Wow for Lebron James & boasted he was clutch now: I hope you ran out of K-Y before you prematurely jumped on.
once a man...twice a child
hoping the same for you ma
Still anxiously waiting confirmation on our team registration!!!!
“: If your having strokes at 30 there's a good chance you sit on your ass and eat all day.”
looking for an easy way to have work Outlook world on my iphone but easily turned off come the weekend. ideas?
Dreams are the touchstones of our character. Henry David Thoreau
Happy anniversary to Andalucía, Spain for becoming an independent community within Spain today in 1980!
Hey, whats the name of your brewing co?
So here came's irl a school day. Nice
Nate we was at the Verizon Center Sarurday to watch u guys. Came from Sikeston Mo (otto's) home town. Nice dunk and nice win
Let us know how you liked it!
Not for nothing, let me get a look @ you.
you would think with a master's degree I'd be able to work a phone, but the new ones at work still baffle me sometimes.
>:( I vote you dont go to the Indians game. :D I'll make it up with a Clippers game when you come here. ;D
A big thanks to the Phillips' for your recent donation.
is this your own doing or does Nicole have you on a turkey kick? Jess makes me use it instead of red meat. Don't judge.
SOMEONE PUT VAL'S NAME ON THERE!!
lol of you a thug bol I should be scare of you haha
Pre-markets holding strong negative. No reversal unless China wants to double down on yesterday's headline before open. Bueller, anyone?
slow is a good speed. All about moving forward.
Still feeling like this I'm really scared of going to the ER again and repeating last year :(
Also he co-wrote one of my fav songs "heartache tonight" with the eagles. Badass
's Phil Neal just presented about #mLearning at Medical Device Conference. Great event with great people!
WHY AM I TIRED??
I think Blackmon needs to hit the PUP list. Nelson is serviceable for 6 wks. That means keeping Swain, however, and not 5 TEs
i dont tweet much but now i am trust me
I showed him what it was lyk to be with a real #Boss aha(;
Great Convanta Energy article re: How Arlington & Alexandria can create private industry win-wins
So begins the battle for nerds' affinity for free highbrow online learning! :)
The belly dance class@ powerhouse gym went well today. My Ladies are really down packing the technique. I am so grateful!
Assassins creed 2 Revelations and i am playing DAOC for a lil bit as well
In the "Museum Mixology" session this morning. (note to boss: There are no cocktails here, I promise.)
The Scream sells for $119 MILLION DOLLARS. A painting. I hope it makes the buyer happy. Very happy. I'd be happy with a reproduction
is beautiful. c;
Open house today, from 1-4PM, 1101 N. Lowell St., Santa Ana, CA 92703
You try to be nice & bitches fuck you over. They gonna see the real bitch act a damn fool. Ima be that bitch you hate 2day.
So excited for #FiveYearEngagement The movie, not to be engaged for five years. That would suck.
“: OMG! Accelerate to the Cloud in Lido 3001A with an iPad drawing at the end?! Who else is attending?!? #VMwarePEX” <-- I'm there
#waystomyheart there are no ways lol.
I was going to Venus before it got hot. Now the atmosphere is just crushing.
Happy Weekend everyone!! Looking forward to spending some quality time with my Dad today. :)
& Winners know when to Pivot if shit get ugly. I saw The Source when just a list in the wreckastow in Boston. Couldn't Pivot
I wished we could tackle Sharpy for real too! :D
any chance they don't sign hultzen? Or any of them in particular?
RT If we took all the energy spent worrying about a problem into seeking the problem solver nothing would be a problem.
smh so i cant be friends with someone that REAL and nigga I get MONEY
I don't believe in peer pressure
I feel like I should be playing some elevator music today since my building is a voting location, but is that politically biased?
what do u do when u get bored?
for the $11.22 payment today. You rock!
Sounds divine! Thanks
lol i saw it.... and for the record that ball was hard to hold on to hahah
Well deserved standing ovation. Great game.
RT : I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy drinking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
"Bridge Burning" by is so friggin' good! Can't wait to see them in New Orleans for JazzFest!
Burning a hole in 's desk rendering map tiles and burning a hole in this AWS micro importing 300,000+ polygons to PostGIS
WHY NO PICTURE OF THE CUTE?
Are your fav “healthy” foods hiding icky ingredients? Get the scoop at our #GroceryStoreTour on 3/20! Call 619-501-5664 to sign up!
So let me get this straight; you think I'm supposed to text you all day, and nobody else? #YouGotMeMessedUp !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Hi Victoria! Can I get a one VICTORIATASTIC reply?? Please? :{))
What's with this campaign rhetoric of "war on women"? Only war I see being waged on women in the US is high taxes!
Coed rec brackets are set. Quarterfinals start Friday and Sunday. March madness at the indoor arena!!
#iwca: Whitaker says step 1 is to train wcenters not to judge writers who have e-discourse in academic prose but to see e-d as a home lang
My wife, daughter and I had a great time at the Globetrotters, game today thanks to Very proud of him and all he's done
If you don't start writing then I'm going to cut your fingers off.
Shot out to all them hoe ass niggas out there .......... Somebody got to bee the bitch nigga . Lol
is thawing. yeah.
just spent $25 on ingredients for choc chip cookies. f*ck you mollie stone's for being so ridiculously pricey and convenient.
If you think your a badass cuz your on probation for a speeding ticket... Your not. And stop talking about it
You have time to tweet but dont have time to talk to me . Thats fine you the one losin me
you speak italian? this doesn't sound spanish to me. lol
I'm literally in heaven. I'm at Joanne and the whole Germanotta family is here minus :( but the rest are amazing :)
I have never seen this girl wear any other pants besides yoga pants
What did the egg say to the boiling water?... You're gonna have to give me a minute to get hard, I just got laid by some chick..
me 2!!!! You are not the only one lol
Fuck it I'm goin to bed
Good Morning, Happy New Year's Eve, Eve! 2012 is your year!
Roll out your sleeping bag under the grand piano.
Happy mother's day to all you wonderful mamas out there from #WomenBuild 2012 and beyond. HabitatMiami
Congrats to da refs for giving da win to Boston but Miami gna make it farther then them so it's all good
same here. F4 still in tact
Cool weather and cupcakes go great together...we have been baking since 5am make someone smile today!
New puppies have been added to the AFH website. They are SO freakin' cute.
for THE REVOLUTION concert with !
Too funny :-)
AWAKE name dropping Vampire Weekend like they're still relevant.
what a perfect end to a full day of wining and dining !
On a world tour.
#truth your the dumb one. #fact I'm the smart one
The black Kona Stinky with the yellow rim upfront
Seeing you differently. Changed my mind.
Your 21st century feminist declaration has drawn fire like every one that came before. You would think by now...
same to you ! Where u from?
see ya in 12 days LIFE RUINERS.
I can treat you better then your man can but I guess you like being mistreated
some people actually work hard n school. Pay their own way, study, learn some shit, grow personally. They should celebrate.
Oh vanilla latte high...how I love thee! You allow me to get so much done! Sweet bliss! :) I do not look forward to the crash later though..
The cool guitar work of EUGENE K premiering tonite on Rhythm & Jazz Radio! 62 straight weeks as the #1-ranked Cool Jazz station on Live 365!
Oh yeah :)
no more house arrest!! HOLLLLLLAAAA!!!!
Just read 6 weeks of people magazine letters to the editor from 1983. No responses to their article on harriet wilson
Even tho i ant got nun to do (;
Awww he's so cute. Ya think he's hiding. lol
Indiana stays handling Miami, and New York? I just don't see them as a contender yet.
No one yet
RT Join us at #futrchat discussing the future of museums with and others! Happening now!
We will be closing at 4:30 this afternoon for a private party (sorry Simon employees we'll see you next Friday)
Came to school to realize there's not one person here -.- that's what I get for coming early
Feel better!! Don't give up! We're here for you!
u know what that means lol
I will thanks 4 following me.
I. AM. GOING. TO. TASTE. OF. ADDISON. RYAN.
Right back at ya!
do you stay in Philly for the summer? Come back to Minny. Need to see you out and about somewhere.
Why would I mess up 's room? *tries to think back and rubs forehead* I can't remember.
Want 25% off tonight at or tonight? Just mention #Snowmageddon & we'll hook you up.
im fresh im fly im so damn high
Monday morning: what you need, free wifi, coffee, eggs and bacon, or French Toast!
You're welcome; we've been having more outages — the log shows cyberattacks. China, Arab world, Indonesia, Brazil — the usuals.
Hi! What's Up? What r u doing?
I'm definitely in, heard it is good
You want war ill bring it to your front door
aww ah, i just have to say we need miss beninson tomorrow! i'm still celebrating after sunday going around singing city chantsx
Pittsburgh is rich in student talent, come and hear for yourself at Campus Superstar, April 1st. THE singing competition to be at!
and me?!
Have you ever tried talking to someone in a club/concert? Yeah its hard. Calm the fuck down about it.
ive only had a pizza and cereals all day
Assuming I can keep my phone and Skype quiet long enough, I will. :-)
South Asian Diaspora women artist East West Convergence, show in planning stages send
no. So many have been much better.
happy milf day eve
In my bed!!! hahahhaha
I'd say yes to that "?" Especially considering that w/ music/movies, we don't "own" things we d/l, we get a license to use them.
Argh! RT : And it's Pirate Weekend too! Argh!
thanks mama!
i know it is def contributing to my procrastination. how is student teaching?
Ah, indeed. Thnx for clarifying! Sorry for misattribution, !
So nice to welcome a new friend from Poland - orig. home of my family. Your salmon in basil sauce looks excellent.
It’s easy to believe someone when they’re telling you exactly what you want to hear.
taking out all your frustrations on everyone around you<<
Yes, it's legit. Check it out. You'll be glad you did.
I got your pain buddy.
what flavor would you prefer?
I can't believe it really happened...
TWITTER TWITTER BEYONCE one of the prettiest women i have seen
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "TYPHOON" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
#2 teach color theory-- have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc
OMG! Suzy! You're too much, I guess you never switched! LOL Hope you're out having a drink or 2... :)
A spot where at bruh? I'm debating whether I wanna be in the dorms or not.
transformation is still going....
“: Omg cannot believe I just found the Latin American Studies office an hour...." everything's coming up roses ;)
Installing the #Windows8 beta now.
ya love the kidss!
Waiting in anticipation for this Hoodie and Wax concert today...ready ??
We stole this from SCI and Abby Smith.
Willing myself into productivity but all I want is a nap. Slept about 11 hours last night. Fighting a bug? Just plain old decompression?
Managers rely on manuals - LEADERS rely on instinct. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
Well damn idk what to tell you um just don't put no holes in the pillow lmao
I'm putting it in my thoughts ! I'm at a doctors office in the waiting room and has me dying laughing.
“: Have a great first night ! :)” The party is on & pa~pa popping!!!
My roommates and I are eagerly awaiting 9pm. Yep we're losers. LOL
I'll look for you online this evening
Welcome to Favata-104.. This morning its and tomorrow morning its in morning drive. Italians keep it in the family.
Finally gonna see the avengers <33
it's almost as good as Jon Brockman's!
Think I want you still but it may be pills at work
At Rio Hondo Police Academy orientation: this is going to be/get very intense-eresting
Working princess breakfast this morning in Norway!!
nope lol I am a upcoming band well solo artist lol
and to be clear, I think both films and novels are more possible to become "great art" because perfection isn't required
We're out of nutella AND orange juice....I don't know how to function
"Smart people start their diet at the 'supermarket'; You can't eat what you Don't Buy!" --'Dare-To-Win'... 'Book'
I have no idea! Do you have a Spotify acct? I think there is a way to share but I've got to figure that out.
people are liking the mushroom secret ingredient
Where you at?
Everything...everything is $2 tonight. Tweet a picture to win a t-shirt!
G.M.N.I.: When I'm fatigued or in need of strength, I find solace in my baby, Sarah Bellum. She ensures I'm never weak-minded.
Get with it, or get lost.
Just tapped, Afterburner IPA (replaces New Belgium Lips of Faith Fresh Hop IPA)
I wish I had the voice to sing screamo.
very close! Are you doing the Mexican Hat Dance?
After this awards season I see why they cast him in a silent film.
Congrats! RT Great night! Dinner, drinks, conversation and & I won a $40 cert. playing "name that tune"
. . Touring . Together ? That'll be one amazing tour :D #imustgo !
Nothing like being on team awesome! Have a great day from all of us at !!!
Free music-train rides-petting zoo-hot drinks & prizes! "Connect W/ Christmas" Sunday 5:30 to 7pm. @ 1st Baptist West Abq- Golf Course Rd!
:) Why are you up so early?
Working our way up to the show on Sat nite. Hope u can be there. Wonderfully talented people who are a pleasure. Great show last weekend.
OMG!! Watching Ellen!!!!
Okay Thanks :)
How many people are waiting for #TheVow premiere? #RachelMcAdams #ChanningTatum <U+2665>
Bruno mars hot hot hot at grammys
We have some interesting ideas about bringing you music!
Milwaukee businesses, what are you doing to keep up with the challenging business environment?
=[ i dont get cell service at my house, and my ipod doesnt get calls, if i gave you my home phone and you call and my mom
Thanks for all of your support Dave! RT : Awesome meeting of the minds w/ team tonight! Great things in store.
Nose hurts a little. Did punch me?
thank you RT : was yesterday. love the food there :). i was way too full when I left!
Put it down you dirty Jew! Jesus died for that candy!
1pm and the lines at Salumi is still about 1/2 a block long...
Great, where/when do I meet you?
Wake up n find a dollar n my panties! I love it :)
who do you like to take the jacket this year?
If it's something you think might make people feel uncomfortable, it's probably not a good idea. Some profanity is fine.
Save me a piece of that swag!!
What HE said---> RT : We have a way of showing we value people/services/goods. It's called "paying for them."
Nalah went outside yellow and came back brown..she found a friend to play with -__-
Indianapolis Colts Expects to Sign Luck Soon
Omw , to get some Taco Bell ( :
True. But the world also needs more artists. Period.
Lets go! We are #CommercialFree NOW!!! :)
Pick a Peck of Positivity - Personafied.......!!!
IS GOKU YOUR FAVORITE CHARACTER FROM DRAGONBALL Z?
...i need u to be my everything,,,cuz u talk like a gentleman........
Could be for both purposes. Basically, I'd like to draw attention to preservation issues by taking pleasant-looking photographs.
Sick, I wana #husky dog!
Dame dizzy food gud
World’s Biggest Engine - Most Powerful Engine –
Just got on like 20 minutes ago I'm sleep af.
High school basketball games that end in extensive trips to the free throw line due to lack of a
Now we're going to turn to discussing #Afghanistan and also
Three days, five hours, and twenty-four minutes til our reading at Txikito. Sun 13 Feb at 6pm. 240 Ninth Ave.
No days off!
I could run home faster than in this traffic
Ooh... you get to see Clutch. Couldn't recommend them higher. Incredible band. Wife describes them as "Rasputin... with guitars."
Fitting that my first ride on is with , who's back in LA for the day (him, me, used to metro around together)
they probably won't mind.
A book is coming to be called LACALIFLAND We are thinking a price range between $25 - $45 :D
what up... New follower here.... Your pic is hot<U+E106><U+E405>
Once again asking for prayers - Jace is getting his blood count re-checked today.
When my mom says "I love you" I always reply saying "I do more". I'm actually saying I love myself more
why must I pay $19.99 + another $20 to exchange a phone that is under warranty + which does not work?
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in million ways.
cant wait for tomowrroww ! sister is comingg going to be hilarrious.! (:
lol damn. Never understood why somebody pretend to be someone else like damn bitch u that bored.
I'm feeling very creative today. I'm pretty sure attempting to mock something up on Photoshop will kill that.
so how old r u??
hi Andrew
Go music pirates!
I'm gonna smile,laugh, and love and pretend that your not hurting me </3
I'm contemplating going as well. Jury is still out.
Molly Rose Bloom (NHS'13 ) to share her research Historical Non-Transcendence in DC: Georgetown & Anacostia
That's fantastic James that you're making residual income too! I love it!
How did the snow change your morning? Meant a beautiful sunrise and 3 times the commute time. But beautiful! No complaints from me
You're sick when the tops of your ears are cold & your toes are hot.
Sons of Anarchy tomorrow!
Yay! Sorry for the misunderstanding :)
I just want to sleep forever. I'm tired of everything.
Her story changes every day she hands him a letter in an envelope that he did not know the contents of and then acts the victim. Recall
says not to use 3rd party apps to post links to #Facebook because the native share button won't show up.
5 mins YEAH BUDDY. let's do this poo!
Fucked up, in this pasenger seat.
30 bags of Sweet Potato Terra Chips.
Wow chrus is 23 now. I love that man
BB: Mayer sets down the Stars 1-2-3 in the first. Eagles coming up to bat. Walker, Clark, Jaskulski.
Favoriting a tweet is like sub-tweeting without having to get creative
Do you have plans for tonight? , Armitage, , and all have reverse happy hour tonight!
Conley is on FIRE son!!!
It's too horrible.
If someone made a video about all the poor, homeless, starving families in the US and you watched that, would you care to do anything?
enjoying this Saturday morning!!.
20 teary teenage hockey players with playoff fauxhawks is a poignant sight indeed.
This show is really disturbing..
It will take some time, but I certainly will.
perhaps you need a recombobulation center. Okay, letting that one die, tempting tho it will ever be.
Would rather watch three young children then work today.
Interactive Web Design Blog » Blog Archive » The Click N Bank ...
Will You Ever Come To SAN DIEGO California #AskAlexConstancio P.S I Love You...... :)
Everytime You Know I Dont Lack.......
Says the man who's never not wearing a suit, and has a solid two inches on me.
I aint Jealous I Just Know When Shit Aint Right
We_Bore_It thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
welcome to Madtown
RT : Peter Diamandis - "news media is a drug pusher and bad news is your drug". # fls12
thanks you too
Casartelli. i remember that day like it was yesterday.
Oh lol makes sense. I had a dream about you cause I miss you!
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
GM Marketing really needs a new commercial idea ... i have a good idea & you can have it! let's talk. 11012
just clean
When Becky makes Dirty Bananas before 5 >>>
#Fela is a great play so far I'm loving the energy and music
will be on the 4th floor of
Free admission: San Francisco Fire Department Museum usually open Th-Sun from 1-4PM. Call 415-563-4630
just getting to a tv and it being half time <<<<
Everyday I ask what time we get out of class knowing dalnnmm well I know when we get out
They're not all pure platforms. Even if they were, platforms can't survive without content.
getting ready for leg 17.
Fortenberry: one approach is to put students in authentic, experiential learning situations that require non-textbook thinking.
Heads up, the blog will be swarmed with posts today and tomorrow. And probably the rest of the week... Just the way we like it.
I can't stop eating!
First start of the year in the circle for Coates. Alyssa DiMartino (8-16, 4.26 ERA) gets the start for Liberty.
Thank you! I'll let everyone know you like it. :)
Bitch nigga I Nutted On Your Girls Bread and you thought it was mayonnaise Wrong bitch thats Seamen
I KNOW ITS SCARY. The sad thing is that it will all disappear into a big check to Uncle Sam come next tax season.
Broccoli: "I look like a tree." Walnut: "I look like a brain. " Mushroom: "I look like an umbrella." Banana: "Dude?! Change the topic."”
lol lets make it happen. When are you free?
Lover...not a fighter :-)
woohh! I can't wait. (:
and were awesome and very cute on All That and still are cute and awesome
Off to work.
Well since I clearly can't fall back asleep I guess I'll be productive until I can
Miley dated Nick who dated Selena who dated Taylor L who dated Taylor S who dated Joe who dated Demi who dated Trace Cyrus, Miley's brother.
Prince Fielder needs to be a King to save the National League in this one.
okay I just died. <3
Anyone else in SD feel that shaking?
um ok....and its what i will be doing ten years from now
heeeeeyyyyyy Miss Parker
I bet D even has the cuffs to make an arrest...
awesome. i pincurled my hair last night, so i'm already rocking big hair. we are gonna be popular in the 70s.
I know I haven't made a youtube video in a while but I've been busy with this annyoing thing called life. I promise I will make some soon!
You better! You're one of my favoritest people I've never met!
What a cool win! Great job Great show Louie, what a class act!
#NewFeds tip2 - prepare for the unknown. Brush up on areas you know vaguely
Confidence = impact. You have the skills, attitude, team... If anyone can make it happen you can!
We questioned everything, from the ED's $400K annual salary to why the org's spending had gone so far off course from original intent
I think i just made my first 3 ever in a basketball game....i think its my first time i ever even shot a 3 hahaa #guardswagg :)
Hey everyone visit www.todaysfavoritetoys.com we have awsome specials going on right now on your favorite toys and games.
RT @ JasonBraud: If u find yourself trying or waitin for someone else to change its usually YOU that needs to change.
The REPUBLICANS WORDS alway seem to come out as "JUST KIDDING". I wonder why the BIG D can't pull the play on WORDS OFF. NLD Mom
Two weeks at Toyota and they already handed over the keys to a new Camry for my first business trip tomorrow in Indy! Wish me luck!
hot apple cider, a roaring fire, tweed and wool, rich dark colors
Do you hate waiting in long lines? Come enjoy the open road with us!!!
Showers continue through the lunch hour with temps in the 50's. The #Foodtruckforecast is much better tomorrow, suny and 60's!
Looks like we have 3 drum tracks finished, heading in to try and complete drums tonight!
Lucroy basically just told you to go fuck yourself
I'll bring my crown and sash and well play dress up!!
Shanon appreciates fact #Mitt also doesn't believe in civ unions bc its same as marriage & bc of #Obama's #ssm decision is voting for
we love to clean!
Which means most people actually support it. Let me underscore, Kathy is voice of the few.
Come to VAiN on a thursday.. I'll have you lookin like Blake Griffin
Ouch! Maybe you'll be around for the invitational, DMac?
Did anyone get invite from Obamaabarak on twitter? Check the spelling first.
Nah, probably just Loteria as entertainment..
Have a good day at school :)
Leap Day William!
Wish I were in Seattle, but I'm really enjoying following #MLA12 online.
Playing a round at hotel indigo 930 pm free. Come out Nashville folks :)
Selling stuff on Craigslist is weird. I don't want ppl coming to my house!
I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there. Kurrupt also
#questionsthatdontgetanswers What's going through my boyfriend's mind.
My eyes hurt from looking at too much illusion shit in physics
The sun is out and bright! It's a good day to be on the #phametour - we leave for Estacada in 15 minutes!
I hope you get some patrons in adorable costumes!
you would be looking at my shit lol jk. & you work soo you have money, you can buy yourself one & then buy me one (:
UFC 145 Fight fight Night! Jones Vs Evans! THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE!!
Authors, cont.: If I can't find you easily I often just give up. How many opportunities for PR are you missing w/out a blog?
you should just go for it! No regrets!
I should work on being petty, I am the Durham Bulls compared to others who play it like the Yankees.
way to go!!
Plushdamental 13a. Only befriend a Cubs fan if they can name 4 Cubs 13b. Explain to arrogant Cardinal fans to be more humble
very very well!! How r u? Thanks for asking!
My eyes are failing me and I still have contacts in. That's my cue.
I told myself if I slept in 30mins that I won't be doing FB or Twitter. Well, I guess we know that was a failure...
New DJ name: DJ WWJD (palindrome)(different than a Palin-drome, which is a Palin-like drome)(drome is not a real word)
Aw your so sweet I'm dern fine how about yourself (;
A little obsessed with Christina Perri's "A Thousand Years"
Good thing im not at home! My power out
:-) i like that on thursdays i have meetings early so i actually get to tweet more. We should plan a road trip soon
Interest Rates Are At a all Time Low, Now is a Great Time To Refinance or Buy a Home. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
My timeline won't load..-_-
u made twitter :)
"Be alive, be grateful and know that happiness is an inside job."~ Colette Baron-Reid
I wonder if would disagree now that he loves avocados. RT : Avocado ruins lots of great sandwiches.
is the 2pac of our era in my eyes..no other artist tells a story like joe
... Thank you and welcome aboard
This RT : A&T gets on my last nerve!
Please take out a second to Follow #TMCRecords CEO & President
I FREAKING LOVE YOU.
Between takes...cast just chilling for the moment...
i am not mean to you, you shouldnt kick doors nigga!
iTalkFast Releases Free iPhone Player App That Improves Time Management
- your not even fat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
"Man she got some saggy boobs." "Its a suit." "Where are yours? Your front looks like your back." E thats fucked up :D lmao
yeah. they stopped around jan/feb. don't know why it stopped or why they started again. hm. very strange.
Where is your Friday find? Enough slaking already!
Woke up hungry & forgot my lunch at home -_-.
Send us the exact address and we'll report to the Streets SWEEP Unit. Thanks!
Looking sexy right now… If you call an ogre sexy.
awe *blush ALERT* haha! :))
night world
it was great seeing you as always and thank you for dinner.
Since I feel like I haven't been on in a while.... #followspree Lol
RT : "We ALL want every good thing for our children. Where is the controversy in that?"
Ok. I'm ready are you?
Just like before I should've told you again, that I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.
nice! RT : Want to see all the #SocialMedia sessions at #REcon12 in 1 place? Download the Social Media iPhone app!
Ladies free haircut on Thursday from 1-3pm. Appointment only.
xo - miss you!
Just had a great time at gatti town, my son won over a thousand tickets with 5 bucks.
nice! I just saw the other night... He killed it. This should be a good show.
I never really cared until I met you.
Hey I tried to jump on that call today but it didn't work.
School is out. More time for music!
Marathon training day one complete. 3 miles down. 460 to go
follow me so i can reply
#TeamMindless has the Best icons ever :)
How about a country song cover? (: it will be up on youtube in 15 minutes! You'll have to wait to see what it is... ;)
getting ready to dip so i cn be San Antonio bound for a couple of hours
RT - In the wake of Saturday night's 34-10 win by Detroit over New England, I'm left wondering if the window is closi...
In our time it was rare to find a group of young men working so rapidly to develop themselves.
Someone mentioned they are doing repairs on the WBZ tower. and are using the choppers for that.
I did a wireframe in color today. Big mistake.
Well, I lost a very important hour of productivity. But to your credit, I did gain an hour of HOLY SHIT MAYANS.
I did and more (was up til almost 6! I could not put down that book.) Didn't see you on here though. Slacker... :)
#LGBT MT 'No U.S. president has ever supported a major expansion of civil rights that has not been adopted by the U.S. people'
pastrami on rye with some waffle fries foo free Epic collapse, if you get Nate Mcmilan next year then you might be legit
It's interesting to see the modern adaptation of the Sherlock classics.
0_ORT : Bout to eat tha whole box when I get home <U+263A>
lol me too for Mrs.Bussa
"Learning comes through concentrated study; mastery comes from tedious repitition."
Joined the Enzacta team and feel blessed to work with such an amazing network of healers and entrepreneurs!!! Loving the PXP Royale!!!
Watching the Grammys! I have a new goal!
You know it's a good story when it starts with, "so this bitch.."
im goin to sleep now Goodnight hopefully i will have service tomorrow txt you if i do
'twas a pleasure seeing today. Tried and loved it!
RT Does any else want Mother Nature to give us another month of Summer? Say I.... (How about 3 more!)
Good to know RT : Just so you know I love chocolate more than I love sharing.
haha like if he was so so "hot" xD jk
This weekend will get her PhD and astronomers predict a Supermoon. The Maya were so close on this one! They got the year right
~No BoyFriend, No Problem..!
SHUT UP I TOLD YOU WE'RE TWINS
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 3
Happy birthday!! If I could I'd buy you a shot
Solace ? You should be worried about our LED addiction.
Sitting in Cabin number 1 at Coopers El Vado Ranch. Enjoying some time with my good friend David Cooper & my Family. Thank you Lord!
Check out our bluebonnets while ur here, they r beautiful this time of year :)
Restless Leg Syndrome is a choice.
Recall it took Feds to kill Jim Crow. “ ..how can there be such opposition to #civilunions? #coleg”
Kevin Love is 25lbs lighter than he was last year which means he should move up 5-10 spots in your fantasy draft.
Airport closed due to thunderstorms.
and he can hire them with the money from Freddy Mac and let them bathe at one of his mansions.
great photos
you're cute when you write from your perch of condescension.
Room 412. Dance Party! btw....I'm alive.
Let's try this again. Free crawfish birthday bash. Cinco de Mayo. Who's coming.
Roseville, truly hell on earth
Wenger lost the match. Not you. You will have to leave Arsenal to win something
follow me hottie and maybe I will show u more!!
Just learned that many famous authors had fathers who went bankrupt, including Dickens, Shakespeare and F.Scott Fitzgerald! Weird tidbit.
Nice profile
Lol. Well the reason why Nasa is going the way it is now is cuz of bush era policies which pretty much cut all their funds
Three things I learned while watching last night's #idol -- hear 'em around 7:30 on
Im at last meeting - Award Ceremony
Oh and I lied. today was fine weather wise. Tomorrow though, isn't. there's supposed to be a wind chill warning of -29 degrees! ouch!!
A govt that picks & chooses who to tax and not tax is a govt that has too much power.
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Thank Jim you wasted a great pitching performance from Fister
are u gonna fill me in?
If I tell you my morning coffee just kicked in, it doesn't mean I just instantly woke up.
references (she loves Lena Horne, that's how I first learned about Cabin in the Sky)
Game of Thrones/Veep/Girls is becoming quite the turd sandwich.
Tough loss for the Brewers in the 11th inning today. Glad the boys are back at Miller Park tomorrow.
damn dude.....really?
#OnThisDay in 1988, #Prince released LOVESEXY. Some stores refused to sell it due to the nude cover. Any Prince fans out there?
Everything results in someone leaving
Thank you for the follow, Alexander
1965 Volkswagen Beetle - Used Volkswagen Beetle For Sale in ...
Actually, Jude Law seem right to me.
If he cheat it wasn't meant to be!
still early n the West coast
#MyBiggestFlaw I'm super clumsy(;
Hey twitter friends, do anything fun last night for halloween?
Love the outdoor furniture. So chic!
Now Thats Paper
this could be a long night....
I have a friend who saves every time the song he's listening to changes.
on channel 2! It's the last episode or episodes I think. I'm still watching it. :O lily has her baby !
When you’re sleep-deprived, blood flow slows, leading to dark circles. Plus, your eyes and surrounding skin may get dry and irritated.
That kid in your health class that obnoxiously eats M&Ms
Awesome! Now you just need 'big country' to sign it!
TWEETS TWEETS TWEETS you rock!!! <3
announced that Prince Harry would not be sent to Iraq with his regiment due to "specific threats" from insurgents.
If there is a resurgence of the #OWS movement it'll be today!
#imissyouwhen I realize I'm still in memphis.
Bummed that the Pats lost- but a GREAT Super Bowl. Final seconds, close game & a hail Mary pass. (Madonna was pretty good too)
Did You Know? - You can make Installment Agreement payments with a credit card or debit card at www.payUSAtax.com.
"In time, a leaf upon a barren tree will grow." GREAT TM NEWS COMING SOON!
witty posts
RT if you relaxing at home. -- Destini .<U+272F> ()
About to testify on HB1155 @ the CO legislature. Impressive new direction for dev ed reform
lol thanks!! "sometimes," haha RT : if anything they should follow u, ur tweets r informative and sometimes entertaining.
Lucky proposal! RT : egg salad sandwich from but oops spilled some on a proposal #eatlikeapig!
Had a great bday thanks!!RT : Happy birthday, girl!!!
alright man just hit me up later
Just ordered my Hanwei Radaelli Italian Dueling Sabre for my historical fencing classes with -- So excited!! :)
I hate this
can't wait to see you guys! No stereotyping my boyfriend lol
thanks. that was really f'ed up of him...
O.G. Mudbone
you don't follow me xx
White Shorts >
KELIS! Miss u love its Alon im on the west coast now we must reconnect! Stay Light muah!!!
thank you very much compadre!
Same here XD
lol, T-Pain is just so absurd.
If I was working a camera for this game, I wish my only job was to Iso Boeheim
Pants on the Ground, Pants on the Ground!
Haha oh no! It sounds like a breakfast crisis.
Lmao.i swear my Mom is a clown
ah cool how was your week?
Heck yeah. See you then. Safe travels!
ok Preshus don't get beside yourself
I've got you just the way I like you: soy addicted
Sometimes when I think about kittens, I get all emotional because it reminds me that one day we are all going to die, much like your kittens
- flowbees ensure fashionable haircuts for budget conscious bachelors everywhere! I too like the horsies.
#NeverShouldYouEver Eat a girl out when she on her period.
The best use of life is to invest it in something which will out last life. —William James
when is it? who's version of the song?
If all food tasted like the uni/garlic/chili/clam linguine at Son of a Gun in Los angeles, there would be no more war in the world.
Some smug dad just hit me the crotch while carrying his stroller down into the subway as I was coming up. This is real.
tastes great! Less filling!
IF ONLY! "Look at THIS guy …"
Because Penny is not a geek?
Sergio’s Landscaping is a trusted provider of lawn maintenance services in Phoenix, including dethatching.
PARTY AT THE UP NORTH CRIB BRING YO AZZZZEZ
Looking for Speakers for a Panel for our next event, on the "Cloud", office 365, Icloud, Google docs etc.
Here it is ! Secret life !!
Done taking 267 from this day on.
any time
Oh It's gonna be an interesting next Sunday
Re-listening to "Keep It Like a Secret." Still amazing. Anybody know of a place that has a karaoke version of "Carry the Zero?"
Ish is a scary hitter.
Wow what an inspiring young man!!
It's amazing how quickly 'you bet' has slipped into my vocabulary after two weeks in Milwaukee.
Bur. That is cold! I'm in Houston. It's currently 79 degrees with clear skies. Today's forecast calls for a high of 88.
watching t.v. And you
I just laughed out loud at this.
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
Global warming slowly drying up health insurance commissions. Canadian government commissions new study on methods to collect vapors.
great minds think a like bro
Ok, seeing a lot of hand-held devices and e-readers at CES, but some are confusingly large or missing features...any predictions, people?
gotta admit I didn't expect you to take it in that direction.
thank you :)
“: However, courtney must go down! Lol”. please! How did he not know he was getting played?
Who's in the audience tonight at STDOAWTYGRFN??? Check in with
Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite!
Feeling a little woozy, a lot in need of coffee after getting up at 4:30 to say goodbye to my little sister and send her back to college.
That was a bad way to end the season for the Brew Crew. Hopefully we don't lose Prince and go get them again next year.
Listening to "Gotta" featuring It seems to capture everything perfectly.
Thanks for the follow awesome Milwaukeeans , , :)
Could really go for some Mac n Cheese right now... sounds so good!
yeah I did that like five years ago n was w out a phone for a long time so I learned my lesson lol
Yeah I know /: Its sad! Leave me some good tweets though! Lln
Apparently my cat is going to look like a camel for a couple days as fluids absorb into his system
what time?!?
retweet this one....
RT BELIEBERS=FAMILY&i<3 my family.god created&brought us together for a reason thanks god&bless all my BELIEBERS
Food entrepreneurs- new Balto farm and food center asking for input here: www.americancommunitiestrust.org
Wow. Why they wait till the last seconds before doing something?
I know people can be awful! it's sad they drove off like nothing happened. At least it's able to be fixed and Mom is alright.
u just font understand
And there's the only reason I don't count the Pens out completely ... Bryzgalov!
Are you following these great club sports?
Aaawwww... Here u go.. Loll!! U know u gone always be my #BabyJoker ;)
Rushing to The Avengers before it's SOLD OUT!!
this dang sunspot keeps moving. forcing scraps 2 move & stuff.
Meet the Below Zero producers tonight to learn their secrets At the Stand Up Comedy Clinic 1213 W Magnolia Blvd. Burbank. 7:30pm.
just said my name was Ferris at Frappy hour! hahaha I'm always gonna do that from now on
Hurtling across Europe on a train listening to The Decemberists... Two things that go well together
meeting with these guys today - www.INVartistnetwork.com
Desean Jackson or Kevin Walter?
School is almost over!!!! Time to go home and run and lift :D
At some outdoor art show in Calabassas.
awesome! great page - that's wonderful that you are a team captain!
RT : RT : RT : “You can not live your life just based on what everyone else thinks.” ~ Joyce Meyer
We gotchu covered! More cars out then ever before! (206)722-7696
Ebadi: we can be muslims and respect human rights. The feminist movement is the strongest movement in Middle East
Doing variations on the theme of Friday. Different people and activities, same Chinese food and drinking. For weeks now. It's going great.
thanks “ NY Times coffee column was by . Fave line: "Reporters are expected to call experts for comment, so I did."”
Awesome weekend with my ERJ & CGO family!! Goodnight and be blessed Twitter fans! =)
Want extra entries for Best of the Bunch? Use secret code: Halloween. See main nmsweeps website for more. Good luck.
Violinist Duane Padilla's new website is up!! Stop on by and say hello! www.duanepadilla.com
Even random people from my old high school knows about me and white bitches hahahahaha
yes Mike. I know Guthrie has many haunted locations. :-)
We had a shot at this game till Lamar stepped on the court...
Living on the lower east side has made it hard for me to know if the cute guy is a homeless person or a hipster. They dress too alike :(
I just checked in at Staunton, VA using the Amtrak mobile application
#fullalbum whole album Sixteen Stone now playing on stop by and turn it up.
You said it. I feel the same way about things like TwitLonger. If it's over 140, get a blog.
sweet! Let me know what you think. “: can't wait to read Humanize by !”
Cost of being obese is $4,879 for women and $2,646 for men per year! Hieber’s offering FREE weight loss classes – call 412-681-6400 to...
Don't miss out on seeing country singer tonight, 7p at Newport!
The article credits P. de Montebello as saying the public has more smarts than people credit it with, an opinion I now strain to recall.
I'm here now
Parts ordered; claims adjusted; rental car scheduled with pick up; impressing all parties with my efficiency despite bureaucracy; Done.
they say life is short, but it's the longest thing we do. so make the most of it while you're hear. live out your dreams.
i have a headache..\:
My friends at are getting ready for the 2012 #CulinaryOlympics and I'm helping them spread the word. Going for gold!
Attending Opening Session on Healthcare Reform. We all have a long way to go.
Suns could win last 2 and not get in if Rockets win last 2, Nuggets lose last 3 and Jazz lose last 2. They would be 3rd in 3-way w DEN-HOU.
Annual milwaukee depression. Aka september-march.
I like how instead of having the walls covered with charts, the Falcons war room just all have laptops and not much else
I Wanna Recieve A Random Picture From My GF <3
Embarrassing Student: "In order to have peace, sometimes you must arm yourself." Unfortunate but true!
Whoa! There was a plot to blow up the 480 bridge in Cleveland? Way to Stop it FBI!
In 1915 Lowell Thomas makes his first trip to Alaska and began graduate work at Princeton University
Crawl specs and algorithms help researchers assess and understand web archives--Leetaru
Looking forward to tonight! I'll be watching!
man that video fast lane is dope. Where didi you shot it at?
is a semi-finalist for #MassChallenge! Thanks to all who voted for us, you rock!!
They are long, but "Summer is coming."
4 lovely 'ol gals, 4 horizontal stripped shirts. I told myself I should have taken my camera. That will teach me.
San Diego, California Weather :: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE: 60F OVERCAST WITH HAZE
Looking to improve your New York City home? Get a free painting estimate this weekend! 877-912-5252
as long as i get to sell the pony, or donate the pony to a girl who reeeeeeaallly wants a pony.
and cashiers should have to take a speed test. Nothing worse than waiting in line forever because of a slow ass cashier.
thanks so much, Sophie! :)
I Still Love Them :) I Used To Love All Of NBB's Songs, They Always Get Stuck In My Head Haha
Words said in a Twitter Battle ~ RETWEET...RETWEET!!
Still love the magazine....miss you at 4pm on TV. Hope you are doing well :)
Burn Ki Moon.
Only the Cubs could make that play.
Also, MISS YOU!
If I was in The Hunger Games I'd be in District 4... I like water.
RT: : cracks me up thanks for putting my tweets on tv haha
Lawson out of his mind!
thx Duno if u saw correct hh but Tyler opens w heaps Eli cals with 40bbs but its Eli, I call Bb. Tyler bets Eli raises I jam20bbs
Does LED tube need ballast? No. It saves cost and energy on ballast.
dammmnnnn why it gotta rain oh well im ready for that rain sex #Random Thought
Yes mommy I will LOL. Just hopefully trains will show up whne I'm not driving because if driving it could be a problem
Was actually thinking about that last night. We do indeed. Any time April 12? I'm open until 2pm.
- #iSwear i Have Enough Slow Moments For Me & Everybody Else .
Sonic Architectonic Jan 27 - Feb 18 SONIC ARCHITECTONIC is a mixed media exhibit exploring the architecture of sound in art. Some of...
RT : Every one of us can look back and see times when God has blessed us. What is God doing in your life? - Too many blessings!
The more the merrier!
#ShitBallersSay: "You dont tow my %&$#ing Phantom" Scott Disick (punk'd)
dang it
whats a promise? Yeah promise:) loll
wow, ur unbelievable
Changed my life. RT : Why did we wait so long to buy a Bodum french press?
It means a woman spoiled the party.
people have different meanings for both..all that matters is your meanings
Thank you for the love brother! Hope all is well and we will get you on the show again soon enough!
Its Raining In The Mil =(
# Ginnifer Goodwin has the cutest pixie ever!!!! wish I was brave enough :)
Morning World <3
Thanks for the RTs and shoutouts
Gettin shoe game right today.
And life goes on....
fantastic! linking mail chimp to twitter actually worked. i <3 social media!
Bboorreedd...with a headache...help?
Does one have to pay royalties to Adobe for the use of Flash?
for #dinner #tonight we have goat cheese-mushroom-stuffed handmade ravioli in a brandy cream sauce. Only have a few orders, so snatch 'em!
Oh, nothing terrible, just got some dry/chewey chicken in some quiche. Luckily it was all at the bottom, so I ate the top
bitch shut up you cant get the dick anyway lol
What u xpect, they're Yankees of NBA. RT @ yelloboy32 Kobe's extension, $83.5M with a no trade clause.....yeah, he's a Laker for LIFE.
I'm not flexible but 've wanted to try hot yoga for a while now. I've checked out a few places. This is a great deal.
I want to take a "Jesus Tent" on the next Grateful Dead tour providing food, water, clothes, etc..and reach out to some needy hippies.
Still need a job or internship for this summer? Check out for more information!
okay...I was I was good looking enough to be recruited by major firms who solicit adult natured at-home productions...lol
Updating the ol' resume. Trying to keep it to 1 page but my list of AWANA awards is making that tough...
“There are only2 ways2 live your life.One is as though nothing is a miracle.D other is as though everything is a miracle.” - Albert Einstein
Good suggestion. Thanks!
wow jaden looks so much older!
S/O to my
Thanks for the follow who could we speak to about booking a show at you're venue?
": On average 3.6 series per year are won by team w/o home court. This year had 3 just in first round."
Roger that!
“: Stupid questions waste time, energy and thought!”
i mean is there an invite/event website/press release? all i have is kate's email
True, but I think guys who can create their own shots dominate the playoffs, and a healthy Rose is one of the best at that.
that's a good angle for the General. He looks less "husky."
im just plain sick of being ignored cause im a guy
when are you coming to CALIFORNIA !?!? Im DYING to know!!!
My mom is the JDHS Teacher of the Year! Go Mama!
" I'm not much into church clothes.I'm into robes of righteousness.How you dressing?" BlackJeans & 'Got Jesus?' TShirt
How you gon call me and try to lie and say you butt dialed me.!??? You know GOOD n WELL that you meant to do it.!!
my husband is a McClellan. I'd love to know your ancestry. Where does your McClellan family come from?
Amy almost took a stage dive.
woo hoo! psyched.
does Rice tweet?
funny I just turned it off cause I saw they were winning
PLEASE SAY THIS IS TRUE :O LOL
I emailed him and told him we need to hang out.
exactly. I just don't tell them that part. ;)
of course!! Hope to see you soon!
What people act like these days. -.-
I don't know, I think it looks pretty sweet. The color will probably darken a bit yet.
Someone doesn't need to watch the calories.
Thank you! It's a good Monday. :)
Follow us on Facebook! www.facebook.com/envillepublishing
Your going to drive thru storms
Love the wing dribble from Rip Hamilton
The renovations on the in Sun Prairie, Wisconsin are looking great!
I'm crying in Applebees
Haha it's the best thing ever!
Great post. A lot of executives don't understand strategy behind conversational writing in ad copy either.
not as good as your Veuve de Vino cocktail recipe!
Moving to a new state might be good for me <U+E404>
just saw the piece about you on E60. I have a lot of respect for u man. Go get that west division title!
The day my shop opens my dream will have come true!
Wow talking shit about your own sister while shes sitting there carisah your fucking pathetic
Have been busy with travel and producing , fascinating documentary about journey to raw food & health, featured
Madonna halftime show would have been better if people listened to that music But Indianapolis just knows country hick music
I was worried too much time on the computer was messing with my brain. :(
I loved BET Uncut & In living color :)
lol I know right.
what are austin's fans called?
The sun glitters tiny rainbows on fresh tree leaves after the rain storm.
Makes sense if you don't think about it
do feel awkward taliking since i am younger than you ??
Along with the semester fee increase?
Just had a little run in with Shia Labeouf at Fedex. Neither of us could figure out why some lady was trying to sell us socks
Me too - would love to go back!
If he ain't here, I just can't breathe.
Steve Jobs would have been 57 years old today. Let's hope his ideas will not be compromised by corporate shortsightedness.
I do not mean that if you are good you will be happy; I mean that if you are happy you will be good
because you're so cute and I love your tweets
“: "the #39 steps" - had a rollickin' good time!!!" Thanks for coming!
I also use the app Tweetlist on my iPhone.. it is a great app for organizing lists
follow me back please(: 4
your on my Twitter!
that sucks :( can you get a larger size?
The Global Elements shared a link. Flyers www.theglobalelements.com Global Elements | TheGlobalElements.com
I love <3
not sure I can make next week -- but will try my best.
busy week in music for c'ville...great lake swimmers, the dead, dmb with ocms, thao with get down stay down, and Fridays after Five begin...
something ghoulish. a vampire or a zombie or a mummy.. or Frankenstein and his wife!
I concur!
