The next days and weeks were filled with happy homemaking- pulling up carpeting and staples, scraping up glued down carpet pad, painting five bedrooms, hanging new mini blinds, unpacking the poorly packed boxes. I hope to never have a company pack us again…I found an apple core, from their lunch that day, I’m assuming?!?
"Based on our results, we can conclude that there is a relation between the amount of walking earlier in life and brain volume in later adulthood and that greater volume of tissue related to walking is associated with a reduced risk of cognitive impairment," the study authors said.
Saturday was the perfect, crappy rainy day.
1 container of strawberries, sliced
After I won the trial, with the time before she was evicted running out she started a variety of threats and claims she wouldn't move out no matter what - she'd sued the association, the lawyers everybody. She'd kill everybody, she had powerful friends that would ruin us all ..... That certainly put us in a receptive frame of mind, now didn't it?
I woke up this morning receiving text messages from friends greeting me a happy birthday. I felt sudden joy. My heart leaped. I appreciate them for remembering my birthday. Yes, today is a special day. I am celebrating the seventeenth year of my existence. I cannot believe I just turned seventeen. Another year is added to my life. I cannot avoid reminiscing the past years in which I created a lot of memories. In the past sixteen years I have been in the pursuit to a happy life. But as expected, life will be difficult and obstacles will come along the way. In the past sixteen years I endured challenges that came to our family and made us stronger. I enjoyed the company of friends who are always behind me and showed me the love they have for me. I cried because of guys who never treated me seriously. I have been a fan of social media and now taking up my course to fulfill my dream of becoming a media practitioner. I cannot believe I survived sixteen years of being an obsessive compulsive who makes the sign of the cross whenever I see a butterfly because of the fear somebody will die, who hates the number three for an undetermined reason, who is very consistent in changing my sim card when I am already tired of its digits (I know most of my acquaintances are annoyed with this act). Sixteen years of being a hopeless romantic, searching for the right person who will justify my fantasies of dates and growing old together. Sixteen years of being the dumbest person when it comes to numbers (I hate Mathematics forever). Sixteen years of being a frustrated dancer and singer, singing and dancing inside the shower room and making my own concert there. Sixteen years of becoming narcisstic and a fan of class. Sixteen years of being me and establishing a very random personality only I can have (See how narcisstic and proud I am!)
While the history of Haiti reads like any African country, replete with one bloody coup after another, grinding poverty and merciless suffering, you would be forgiven for wondering why I would bore you with a chronological account of just another black disaster. There are, it seems, some interesting parallels between Haiti and its slave uprising of 200 years ago, and the former White South Africa which ended in 1994. I’ll leave you to draw the parallels.
My favourite part was when Philppa flipped out and Angus tried to carry on the show over her rant. He kept running around and speaking all of the lines for her and Wayne as the latter looked on helplessly. Either that or when he was playing chess with himself... imagining that there was another 'him' on the other side of the table. But only because I do that sometimes.
of a forgotten past
Gillen always gets this expression when he is focused. I wish I'd caught the dimple and the tongue.Lately, he's been focused on hunting - hours and hours of completely silent waiting (no deer hit by him yet) from 5am-11, and then again for hours at night. He's also focused on guitar and on playing with a group of neighborhood boys, and girl, who ride bikes and play football with him once they're out of school. I miss him.
General Zinni’s Answer – What’s important is how you view the leadership in your organization. If you view the leadership as top down, the leadership is a structure – there is a line and a chain – There are designated bosses. So, leadership in your organization is through that line, through that chain, through those tiers, through those individuals, and comes from the top and goes down to the bottom, which is a common way people think about it. You’re missing the boat.
The professor matter-of-factly stated that he was trying to make the shallow end much deeper.
of the Second Life Grid.
By choosing to live a creative life, I have made a commitment to my muse: she is always welcome in my house. That means that I will remain open to inspiration at all times, regardless of what I might have to sacrifice to do so. So far, I have only had to sacrifice money, security, and routine, all of which I am lucky enough to have no taste for.
Tita Maggie’s voice startled during the brief phone conversation. After the call, she broke down. The news sucked the air out of my brain: Manny and Butch’s father, the great Don Hilario Ziálcita y Legarda of the Academia Filipina de la Lengua Española (RAE), was dead. He was to turn 98 this year.
The clerk behind the glass counter already had his hands in the air. Sonny looked up and saw the black-and-white video monitor above the door. Fucker had seen the whole thing. He was waiting for them.
What is fascinating to me is that in my 22 years of living and the 192, 720 hours I have been alive, the Israeli’s and the Palestinians have been fighting over one piece of land the entire time. They are fighting over faith and holding true to what they believe is sacred.
During the meeting, at a restaurant in Petaling Jaya, editors were asked to share their views on Bersih 3.0 and comment on the alleged high-handedness of the police against journalists.
Warner Brothers 1930
Hello Guys. Long time no see:)
Have you forgotten yet?...
What is Twilight?
What are your thoughts about recaps in anime? Do you enjoy them, hate them, or wish they never existed at all?
My wife grew up in a Latin culture where employing a maid is common. Growing up in the United States as I did, this was not as common despite my upbringing in a comfy middle-class suburban environment. Yes, we had a cleaning woman (and right about now, two of my friends are doing their best Steve Martin impression from his movie Dead Men Don’t Wear Plaid), but I would contend (or rationalize) that having a person come by once a week to clean is different from a person who stops by every day to cook dinner, do laundry, mop the floors, buy groceries, and do whatever else needs to be done.
Sorta makes you want to get all the punctuation right in your cover letter.
This set the relaxed mood for his entire talk, in which he skillfully went through the Se7en Deadly Sins of ELT (as shown below) and debunked each of them, always reminding us never to throw the baby out with the bathwater.
Today, I got to see The Hunger Games. I went with some of my family and we had a little mix-up of theaters. We ended up getting there after the previews started and the only spots left were in the front row. It was definitely an interesting perspective! I was a little nervous about seeing the movie after reading the book (I always like the book better...ahem Twilight...) but the movie was really well done. I was impressed!
Make sure to communicate with your parents. I think that's all parents really want...is to be in the loop as to what is going on while their children are at school. Make a weekly newsletter, create a class website, send home a weekly behavior note, etc. Whenever you communicate info without parents having to ask, the less stressful your school year will be.
I am loving loving loving this new small space dwellers post. I discovered Anna Spiro's new online shop through one of my fave online mags - Adore Home. Anna's blog :: absolutely beautiful things :: was one of my first bookmarked years ago and I've been enjoying reading her inspirations every since. I just love the concept of her store - shop the seasonal vignette. There are tons of fabulous ideas right inside this room and here are my faves that you can recreate and reinterpret in your own small space.
"The EFA arguably started out with good intentions but those became overwhelmed by the impracticalities of the legislation," he said on Radio New Zealand.
Thank you for coming, Zel, Spike and Tere ^^
7. Come (1994)
I didn't have a lot of books in the house. Not everyone can afford it because books are a luxury item and if you're not so well off you want food on the table first. The library was where I learnt about the world. I read about Ceasar crossing the Rubicon, the battle of Hattin, the witchtrials. I learnt that Afghanistan has been more trouble than it's worth for over two millenia. Even Alexander the Great thought it best just to get on the hell out of there as quickly as possible. Frankly, if one or two politicans had visited their own libraries before commiting to war, a lot of lives would have been saved. It opened the world to me and made me realise how marvellous it all is. We are retreating into parochial mindsets already, shutting down libraries will only speed that process up and all our news and knowledge will become the unfiltered rants of the loud and empty voices.
In your school or college or university
The last few practicas I have been practicing with an elusive leader whom I thoroughly enjoy dancing with. He is one of those challenging and thoroughly enjoyable leads, where each time we dance together, I get a little bit better and have a huge grin plastered over my face.
Nope. doesn’t work. Grails then decides that its a junit 3 test suit and runs it anyway…
A good web interface also determines how easy it is to play music at work or home while you are sitting a computer, which is where I listen to 99% of my music.
Choosing Your Air Filter: Navigating the Confusing World of Air Cleaners
But this soul will not judge
He glanced in the rearview mirror at me, and began to speak gently about how difficult it is for us to trust God even though “He has the whole world in His hands.” I heard the cadence of his African accent, and guessed he might have been from Ghana. I thought back on my own trip to West Africa twenty years ago, and remembered how easily people spoke of faith, even to strangers.
Isn't she pretty?
Well, more or less.
I like how the GoogleDocs.com displays my catalog with the separate pages showing as clickable icons in the left hand sidebar. You can also search my e-catalog, zoom in or out, download it, print it, and make a copy of it. You can move from page to page via the sidebar or using the left and right arrows.
17.Delta Land Blues
That list would be very very long. So many great books come out in 2012 (check out the Apocalypsies blog!). But I'll try to name just a few:
The image to the left contains two years of data points for a random, anonymous seventh grade student, as measured by a web-based reading comprehension assessment. The four green data points represent testing dates. The first data point is the beginning of sixth grade, the second data point is the end of sixth grade, the third data point is the beginning of seventh grade, and the fourth data point is the end of seventh grade. The interval between data points one and two track the reading growth during sixth grade. The interval between data points three and four do the same for seventh grade. Both intervals show growth, as indicated by the upward slope of the line. However, the graph does contain one segment, during which a regression appears to occur.
Hmm…Well, it’s a combination of action, comedy and romance that I haven’t really seen attempted on film before. ‘True Lies’ might be as close as I could get, but it’s different from even that film. It really is quite a ridiculous piece! They’ve put a little something for the males and the females and released it between Valentine’s Day and President’s Day/Washington’s Birthday, so there you go.
More purity give me, More strength to o'ercome,
This is the basic recipe for beer bread. I always use a beer that has great flavor. Remember, whichever you use is what you will taste. Bell’s Brewery (from Michigan) just released their seasonal Oberon beer, so I had to use it! Has an orange taste.
He got in again.
All the action is happening around the bar, a vision of gleaming bottles framed by sewing machine covers hanging overhead. The cocktail list is huge with 28 concoctions on the menu, priced between $17 and $21.50.
seasoned salt, or other seasoning(s) of your choice
1. Love God with all my heart, soul, mind and strength
Despite my intention to ignore him I couldn't resist a disparaging look at his meager equipment - I hope lip curling scorn needs no common language to express - and I'm pretty sure he understood the Anglo-Saxon vernacular I employed to tell him exactly where I thought he should go.
I'm not even sure when the last time I posted was, but I've been so busy at work that I've barely had time to come up for air, much less work on any projects. I think since I last posted, the only thing I've done is touch up the fireplace. The touch-ups really sharpened the whole look and Brett is totally on board with the black fireplace now.
hate-driven cult within a hate-driven racist sect that are the
Then tomorrow…let the fun of gluing rhinestones begin!
stormed the kidnappers’
Become a slacker,
H. Kona Navy
They have a great variety of glasses, to match their variety of 10 draught and many more bottled Belgian beers.
The Institute, affiliated with Tel Aviv University, examines over 2500 bodies annually.
Quiz on chapters 1-8 of Black Boy.
I could tell you that actually, this is not about the money. That the financial cuts will be detrimental to lives, but that the message the government have sent to the British people, that the weakest, the frailest, the most vulnerable are no longer worthy of collective support will be rejected once that same public understand that message.
No coupon codes needed! And all sale prices will already appear in the shop.
Ok, brief recap …
Blogger Barbara Krasner is well-known in the Jewish kidlit world as the force behind the annual Jewish Children's Book Writers & Illustrators Conference, held until recently at New York's 92nd Street Y, so she's definitely in the know. I'm excited about The Whole Megillah (and I love the name)! Welcome to the blogosphere, Barbara!
CRAPSTONE, England — When ordering things by telephone, Stewart Pearce tends to take a proactive approach to the inevitable question “What is your address?”
Go check it out and leave a comment over there if you have any other questions you think would be good to add to the list or revisions to any of the answers:) This is by no means meant to be exhaustive, but rather a place people can go to get general information based on what we have seen from our own experience and others around us.
The complete 2010 Dew Tour schedule is as follows:
In this series, each post will focus on one main dish. I sometimes like to make extras just so that I have the leftovers ready to be re-invented into another great dish. So ask yourself this:
In addition to a Holy Roman Emperor and the Austrian wunderkind himself, Cimarosa’s other fans included Haydn, who staged several of Cimarosa’s operas for his own patron, French realist writer Stendahl, who actually preferred Cimarosa’s music to that of you-know-who and Rossini, who apparently couldn’t stop whistling the Cimarosa arias he heard as a boy. Yet aside from Il Matrimonio Segreto, most of Cimarosa’s works are rarely if ever performed. At some point in history Cimarosa’s modest goals and immense success came to be classified as shortcomings.
As a public service to my Facebook friends I disabled my Pinterest account there so people are not inundated with updates on my never-ending pinning activity. It seemed like the right thing to do in order to maintain my friendships!
After that the humorous and alliterative credits became more infrequent. Indeed, Stan often saved that for the Bullpen Bulletin or the letters page. I suspect that his workload by that point was getting too big; it was around this time that he turned the scriptwriting chores for the Avengers over to Rascally Roy Thomas.
If you see anyone acting professorish who looks like George Zinkhan, give a quick call to 706-613-3888 with any information.
And in the future, there will be times when I will stumble, because I’m not perfect.
Maybe I am just a silly optimist, but I think resisting the alienating effect is absolutely essential in art. I hate to be critical of Collier, and perhaps someone can show how I’ve misread the work and that these are actually quite human and heartening photographs that use media to let us back into our lives. Until then, however, I have to go with what I’ve written above.
- Commercial laminated beams and steel pieces used for a temporary exhibition are now part of the main structural elements..” Sustainability, repurposed materials, privacy, nature, views..
Today I present the score to Lucio Fulci's SETTE NOTE IN NERO (1977). This one is known under a variety of other titles including: Murder To The Tune Of Seven Black Notes (my personal favorite), Seven Notes In Black (I believe the literal English translation) and The Psychic (the title used for the original US release). The score is by Bixio-Frizzi-Tempera (three musicians who often worked together and yes the Frizzi in there is Fabio Frizzi). The CD was released by Digitmovies (Catalog Code: CDDM062) in 2006.
But, I could not sleep, I tell you, until I posted a link to the best video game of ALL TIME.
But a tip of the hat and flip of the melodramatic cape goes to the alien leader, the most memorably broad performance in the whole movie, one John "Bunny" Breckinridge. With high-handed flourishes, occasional glimpses at his script, eye rolls aplenty and a tone of haughty insouciance that seems to hint at the fact that everyone else in this film is effectively hiding: this is all a bunch of ridiculously cheap nonsense nobody could possibly take it seriously.
That didn’t really leave any extra cash to buy a dining room table. We looked on Craigslist for something cheap but ultimately decided not to bother. (1) The townhouse’s dining room was tiny. Only a really small table for two was going to fit there. (2) We were trying to buy a house. Who knew if the table we got would even remotely match the house we’d end up buying. (3) I was not excited to move ANYTHING else. Whether that meant into the townhouse, out of the townhouse, or into a new house. Moving stuff sucks.
Writing about a slice of my life was not at the top of my "to do" list this evening. Perhaps, it's because I've had a long day. My daughter and I had dentists appointments after work, and I'm finally home and settling in for the night. Now, what to write? Writing. Letters. When was the last time I wrote (not on the computer) a letter? It's been so long that I can't even remember.
P. Lalitha, a home-buyer, shares a similar sentiment.
Pittsburgh Pirates - Nachos Grande
I’ve always been one of those annoyingly super-efficient people who finishes work ten days ahead of deadline and sits primly reading ‘I love all gals’ messages on Sun Music Neengal Keta Paadal. Indeed, I rarely venture out to do anything if I don’t already know that I’ll be super-efficient at it. This is why I’ve never signed up for Salsa classes and all.
Ready to make my bag, baby?? LINK this tutorial for an EXTRA entry in my blog candy, (because I worked really hard on this!) Just let me know by putting linking in the coment section on today's post, thanks! :) And if you make your own, please let me know, I'd love to see!
He (the winner for Toy Story 3) was no super hero though.
While I've been playing catch up here, I've gotten really lax about responding to comments. I apologize for that. I just haven't MADE the time and I need to. Life does get busy, but comments are one of the very best parts of blogging. It means a lot to me that you all take the time to read my stuff and look at my pictures, and the comments are what lets me know that you do. I want to take a minute here and thank you all for being such a great audience, and letting me know that SOMEBODY hears me. In real life I sometimes feel like my voice is ... invisible. (Yes, I know. I sometimes mix metaphors too, and sometimes I make up my own words to boot.)
Wait a minute. You asked WHAT IS A CAFEMOM?? Well, it’s a FREE website that is geared towards mothers, mothers-to-be, step mothers and even grandmothers.
After an audition to be a part of a Next Top Model style show goes horribly awry, Shiraz tries to convince Carrie that she doesn’t need to be famous to feel beautiful and I think this is a bit of a turning point for Shiraz. We really see her grow up in The Fame Diaries and it was lovely to see her develop like this. She’s grown so much from the Shiraz we saw in the first book and even Carrie managed to grow up a little, at last.
* Doesn’t Require Big Initial Investment
I especially loved the one from the guy who sounded like he was calling from a busy cafe (noisy) in Bangladesh. His accent was so bad I could only figure out that it was something to do with my computer. I finally lost patience and said "since I don't know what you're talking about, it would be wise of me to end this call....so good-bye" and I hung up. I had to laugh when I checked the caller ID after I hung up; 1-000-000-0000. No lie, that's honestly what it said. Most of the others just say "out of area" and give you no further info.
6 Jefferson Crescent, Palmerston North
I have coloured this card with some of the Spectrum Noirs from Crafter Companion, and I'll say I think I'm defo a promarker girl, these pens are going to take a lot of getting use too.
Anyway, I used to work in advertising so this, for me, is in part going back to the day job.
You can imagine my dismay at my baby being subjected to that for no good reason.
For me to sit in and read
They might eventually decide to return to South Africa or they might not. It remains their right to choose. Furthermore, although they are now living in a new country, they will continue to have their viewpoint and their opinions on South Africa.
Hey crafty friends!! I'm honoured to be one of the guest designers for the new challenge over at Make It Colourful ...Zoe, the owner of Make It Crafty, and all the ladies on the design team are insanely talented colourists! They never fail to make my jaw drop when they post their challenge projects. If you are a colouring enthusiast, I strongly encourage you to become a frequent visitor and participant at the Make it Colourful Challenges. As these are colouring challenges, you will find yourself stretched to work on various aspects of your colouring. The challenges might be on shading, use of specific colours, capturing reflected light sources, creating backgrounds...these ladies tackle all sorts of challenges that are sure to inspire you to try your hand at something new, and perhaps even out of your comfort zone. :) They also provide fantastic tips and tutorials to assist you in the challenges.
So far it has been a blast picking out what part of my fluff stash goes along! AND as an added bonus, we get to show off all those adorable prints (made by none other than muah!)because we won't be needing a cover most of the time!
The thing about the dialogue I'm quoting above is that on one level Walken is talking to himself inside a spaceship near his upstate NY vacation home, but the other self is a version wearing eye-liner who presumably is an alien intelligence talking to him in the form of yet another mask. It becomes difficult to tell which version of him is really the dreamer and which the dreamed and I think that's no accident of bad editing, but a point about aliens impossible to make in any 'easier' way.
A Screening of the documentary “Meeting with a Killer: One Family’s Journey”
A quote from the BBC article references the Polish president as saying it’s the “most tragic train catastrophe…in many years.” It struck me that he specified about it being train-related. There have been so many tragedies in Poland, and when it’s in the news it’s rarely for positive reasons but for ones that make you want to give Poland a hug and tell it that everything’s going to be okay, just hold yourself together a little bit longer, you’re very strong and will pull through this. (It really is that personable of a country that I’m hardly exaggerating.) Still, there’s a lot of sadness in Poland, stemming both from historical sources and ongoing conditions, and it’s hard to fully comprehend everything you see in their context. I try to take that into consideration – remind that there’s so much that’s completely ungraspable to an outsider. But it makes itself felt nonetheless and that’s difficult to swallow sometimes. Nevertheless, it’s one of my favorite places and I absolutely love being there.
Winterson says as "a Northern working-class girl, she was not encouraged to be clever". Her adoptive father worked in a factory and her mother stayed at home. There were only six books in the house, including the Bible and Cruden's Complete Concordance to the Old and New Testaments. One of the other books was Malory's Le Morte d'Arthur, which she says started her life quest of reading and writing.
The best place to be again for this past week is still the Marietta Islands. Rooster fish have set up house there around the reefs and they´re nice size as well in the 35 lb range. Of course there are the usual players, Snappers, Bonito, Skip Jacks, Pompano and a shot at Sea Bass with the cold water. We always have Sea bass in the deep spots in the bay, they prefer very cold water so they only come into the shallower parts of the bay in the deepest part of winter as fishing goes. Eight hour days are what I recommend or the time being until there is a change.
Happy Shopping and if you have any questions, shoot me an email at ThisLifeofOursBlog@gmail.com.
You may also want to add a recipe card box or book to your registry and ask your mom, his and grandmothers to share their favorite recipes with you. Sharing family recipes also makes a great shower activity. Simply ask guests to bring their favorite recipe with them and have pretty recipe cards for them to write it on and the bridesmaids can present the recipes to the bride at the shower.
My new buddy then started talking (in Dutch) to his other friends, pointing at me and yelling from time to time, presumably indicating his surprise; he also promised to come back before the 5k began to help us push our way down to the front, so we could actually see the race and cheer for Jonathan. I was extremely grateful for his offer, because the wall of humans seemed impenetrable – we agreed to meet at that point during the re-ice break preceding the 5000s.
Piranha sounds - la turbie piranhienne
Walsall, Staffordshire.
However, it should be noted that the possibility of triggering the MGO would not arise if the vendor of the shares did not hold any more shares in the target company.
Some upgrades can be so extreme that they no longer look like what they were initially set out to be.
and shared breakfasts before she traveled back to Santa Cruz.
Again while waiting for a dressing on my toe in the local surgery (boring and more boring and I wish the wretched thing would get better!) I did these leaves and nuts and a dead agapanthus head in the little garden I was sitting next to in the waiting room.
5-4-11 Outside knitting with my neighbor. Youngest son, age 3, is being a pill! Goofed up the cables (look closely you can see on the left glove where the cable went the wrong way) because I was distracted with his behaviors. I left it as a “I meant it that way” accent to the glove.
*Bass. Ahem. Sorry.
And you can't beat that.............
The cutest little Pug was having trouble deciding whether to listen to his pretty leash-holder or come chasing after me. In the end, he made the right choice…it only took a couple of leash tugs to return his attention to the right place.
In any case, I needed another night off, as my legs were actually more sore yesterday than the day after the race.
In the Auric lambda of the PSI, time-space fields are irrational constants
XI. There was a colossal statue in Rome based on this statue of the sun.
This is an all night sipping beer or what I'll call a destination beer. This is something you can pull out of the refrigerator at 8, pour yourself a half glass, pop in a Netflix and drink while you munch on some cheese popcorn and keep the bottle on the counter and go back for more until it's gone. If you're more worldly than me you can pop it open, cut up some aged cheeses, crack open a book and keep going back for more until it's gone. I would recommend that you drink a bottle with a buddy because of it's 11% ABV. The ABV is presumably to blame for Chimpotle uttering the nonsensical line "this is the chili dog of the Double Wide" in reference to another beer about 10 minutes after we finished off the bottle of Rye on Rye. For the $12 it retails for it should be seen as a destination, the kind of beer you pop open for a night when you want to give your taste buds a workout and you don't mind getting a little drunk for that workout. Rye on Rye will be available at KC liquor stores on Monday the 22nd.
Cellphones are one of the big advancements that scare the living shit out of me. It’s reached a point where phones are becoming much like communication devices from sci-fi films.
Bikes used in cross country mountain biking can be fully rigid frame, hardtails, or even full suspension frames. Through the years, the cross over to full suspension has become very popular.
I thought long and hard about what part of Organization I wanted to share with each of you, and finally settled on the Kitchen-the hub of our home. We have two beautiful daughters who have ALWAYS been on the go with sports/activities, so keeping our kitchen organized was essential to things running smoothly. Lunches were easy to pack, meals easily prepared, and any necessary paperwork/information was always within reach. So, with that said...I'll walk you around a few places of importance in our kitchen.
Oh she’s just a little tease
Should the Nigerian mobile phone users worry about the quality of TECNO’s phones? The fast growing telecom firm answered in the negative. “We have the top quality equipments which ensure us to manufacture high standard mobile products for each of our customers. We have quality control system with various segments of testing which helps us to provide the quality assured products to our partners.”
Aside from their fairytale essence, the nice thing about these candles is that they won’t clash with other themes you have going on throughout your reception. The castle design is subtle enough to blend with another decor theme, and the white, pearly colors make it easy to complement whichever color scheme you have in mind.
The Tom & Suzie Show is a web radio show out of Virginia. A mix of comedy, current events, rants and whatever else pops up. I’ll be joining them live next Saturday night, but give them a listen tonight at 11:00PM est.
John has created a Haiku Haven page on his blog. This is a haven for haiku lovers to post their haiku. No competitions here, just a place to rest your haiku – and comment if you wish.
regime in Harare to try and meet the demand for cash in an environment where
You are and were the perfect son for us.
Last night's meal was super. So I thought I'd share it all with you. It's a very simple one to prepare, and yet feels oh-so fancy and special.
Our town is having a city wide rummage this weekend
The yo-yo's like to claim that student CHL holders would take their guns into bars, get drunk, crack off a few shots. . .
Add the potato cut in big pieces. Add 2 C water and salt and pepper to pepper. Cook for about 15 to 20 minutes, until all vegetables are soft.
And we are thinking of enrolling him to kindergarden next month too. Just to let him get used to the school environment. Oh boy! I am anxious about him.
It’s been a while since Kevin and I have had a chat, so go and get a cup of tea and settle down with us while I ask him about his novel, Lost Souls, his new publication company and why he’s chosen to self-publish.
13 Pinball Wizard (3:13)
Last year, Prince Restaurant provided one of the best meals on my trip to Hong Kong - so I was excited to return this year. This time, for dinner, on my second night back!
Yet natural selection can cause significant change in as little as eight generations, at least in nonhuman species. In humans, it has altered at least 7% of the genome over the last 40 thousand years, and most of that change has happened over the last 10 thousand years (Hawks et al., 2007).
They store up
In order to be able to participate in Method 1, you must first sign up for a site like the Free Lunch Room or NetIcomeSolutions. In Method 1, you locate an experienced trader on the site and agree to “Go Green” for him/her in exchange for being paid for doing so. While payments vary between sites and traders, they generally range in the $20-$30 range per site. While not a lot of money, the payment will help to offset the cost of the trial offers you complete and may in some cases cover the costs entirely.
My Dad was a teetotaler who didn’t permit alcohol in his home - not even for cooking. But the stranger felt like we needed exposure and enlightened us to other ways of life. He offered us beer and other alcoholic beverages often. He made cigarettes look tasty, cigars manly, and pipes distinguished. He talked freely about sex. His comments were sometimes blatant, sometimes suggestive, and generally embarrassing. He spoke of homosexuality and other sexual deviances as though they were totally acceptable, to him affairs and divorce were the norm. He encouraged race-mixing and communism, even when those things were looked upon with disgust by most Whites, even the most liberal. I know now that the stranger influenced my early concepts of the man/woman, black/white relationship.
forms the first of many
The nose on this has sweet corn and oak. The palate is a bit flat with soapy notes, and it's hot for its abv. Some caramel and candy notes in the background. Finish is sweet and a bit buttery.
The last picture is a Fire Rainbow, which is the rarest of all naturally occurring atmospheric phenomena. The picture was captured on the Idaho Washington Border, the event lasted about 1 hour. Clouds have to be cirrus, at least 20,000 feet in the air, with just the right amount of ice crystals and the sun has to hit the clouds at precisely 58 degs.
Lord of wine and Lord of vine
I wonder if they're getting jitters? Kate looks like a Disney Princess already- I predict a Jennifer Aniston like following over her hair. I think I like her. I want to know all, including whether Prince William will be wearing Union Flag boxers, as in the top picture, (we've recently read The Queen's Knickers, and loved it- so if the story is to be believed...) and whether Prince Harry has a few too many on the stag do, and whether the stags will have t-shirts that all say something rude and amusing? (Suggestions welcome, but I don't think we're allowed to make remarks about his rather unfortunate bald patch... It would be tempting though, no?)
Italianamerican (Martin Scorsese, 1974) - "Through their funny, charming stories, there emerges a portrait of the Italian-American experience in New York, and indeed the experience of all lower-class immigrants struggling to make lives for themselves in a new land. The cramped apartments, the large families, the kids working as soon as they're old enough rather than continuing in school, the wife supplementing her husband's income with sewing, the cooking, the sense of community: it's all told with such obvious love and tenderness and joy that the hardships and struggles don't seem nearly as important as the love of life and the hard-working values of these people."
Remarkably, he didn't launch. The rocket sat on the pad without the motors igniting. I gave him my estimated time of arrival at the airport, and suggested that he might like to call another company with cars closer. Nope. He wanted to salvage the situation.
For some reason, there was an almost constant running dialog from the stage about New Orleans. Yes, there are still evacuees in Austin, and yes it's fashionable to talk about the failing of the government there. (No one ever referred to the grotesque failings of the Lousiana & NOLA local officials; to hear it from this forum GWB is responsible for everything.) Given that Obama barely brought it up, I have to wonder what purpose there was to grinding that axe.
Paris sometimes reminds me of a bad relationship. There are reasons to stay in these toxic situations, and as many reasons to leave them.
If we can get enough support on this it may help persuade the council that this land is a valuable local asset and is well used for a range of activities by a large number of people. It is YOUR open space – don’t let them sell it to a private developer!
from a sea so majestically and malefic at once,
First, we should make sure we're using the same definition of "treason," and then, let's look at some recent examples of anti-secular behaviors and consider whether they constitute an attempt to replace the U.S. government with a theocracy. We might also want to consider what steps short of "replacing the government" might also constitute treason, as I suspect we can easily imagine a this is not something that could be accomplished in one fell swoop, but would require a host of undermining actions, some of which we might think less harmful/unconstitutional/illegal than others.
Do you make a special breakfast for the first day of school?
The little-kid entries come to a stop all of a sudden, and don’t pick up again until I started writing again in my teens. And, oh boy, here comes the emo. But, yeah, the gap. Kicked in right about the point when she died. “Died”? Should I put that in quotation marks now? Anyway. Disappeared. Any desire to look at those notebooks went with her, for a long time.
One church pastor admitted: 'At times, you do wonder how people make it. What they earn, and the cost of living, just don't tally.'
And I just have to participate in the Bonus Round for Recycle, Re-Purpose & Re-Invent Challenge as well! Their two-part question is: 1) What’s the strangest thing you have been hoarding for the purpose of using it in your art and 2) how do you plan to use it?
25 The Threshold HouseBoys Choir - A Time Of Happening
Flirty tip 4 Do not use neighs when flirting, ever. Flirty tip 5 Eye contact is very important but remember to look away, otherwise, it will get creepy . So, a good tip I have for you is, if they look away and they’re not looking at you is cold to stare at them but when they look back at you, you look away so eye contact is completely avoided at all times. Wait, no.
*to substitute 1 egg, mix 1 Tbsp of flax seed meal with 3 Tbsp of water in a small bowl and let sit for 1-2 minutes.
Mouthfeel: 4.5
CINDER by Marissa Meyer. I haven't read the book yet (only the first chapter and that was WOW) but an ARC is on its way to me. It's basically Cinderella with Cyborgs! Sounds awesome, doesn't it?
Vonne C. rode quickly through the breezy Harlem night like sunshine chasing out the darkness. Focused, she ran her mind through every possible threat she could recall as she slammed on the peddle of her 1956 Chevy Corvette.
This is not a pleasant state of affairs. It ought to be possible to have a rational debate about the pros and cons of a particular policy or government action without anyone needing to resort to personal attacks.
Writer: Jared Romero
To stop without a farmhouse near
Of those students who admitted cyberbullying others relatively frequently:
1 : A Negative Work Environment
I am aware that not all warming effects are man made. I am aware that the planet is naturally cyclic and has patterns of warming/cooling that take eons to complete. I am aware that some folks don't think global warming is a matter for humor and won't appreciate my idea. Oh, well. The thing is, my idea is simple, safe, and based on sound scientific principle. There is no reason it could not work...and probably make a lot fewer people unhappy than if we banned beef or automobiles or industry or electricity...but I bet any one of those latter things will happen before anyone ever thinks to simply, literally, lighten up.
3) Have something great to say, and don’t just say it, show you care – if it’s in the usefulness of your information (which admittedly this one post isn’t really that useful) , or it’s in the engagement of your audience. (In this case, my audience is anyone who actually likes what I write or draw or sing about or eat! )
But a larger problem looms. The Darkness, a sinister creature that has lived buried deep in the hills, begins calling to some of the teens in the FAYZ. Calling to them, guiding them, manipulating them.
The first book for children I enjoyed this year was Frances Hardinge's Gullstruck Island ( Macmillan), which came out in January. It took some getting into and runs to around 500 pages but it was thrilling to see this very unusual writer begin to command her talent.
Oops, let’s not forget the Gene Modified corn and the lawsuits rockin’ the midwest. Turns out the weeds are becoming resistant to Round-Up. Who could have ever predicted that? So now they need a new herbicide, and they’re using something derived from Agent Orange, and Dow and probably Monsanto are in with the fix, making sure they can force this down everybody’s throats and that the farmers working nearby fields who don’t have the GM corn–which is really the problem, right? Everybody should buy their goddamn GM corn so that their fields can be sprayed with 2,4-D. And if they don’t, then frack ‘em.
‘We firmly believe that the transmitter has become detached.’
chattering my teeth
Keven has totally changed his attitude and has been a pleasure to talk to on the phone and visit other every other week. I will go see him tomorrow for Mother's Day - I hope he doesn't feel bad for being in there because Mother's Day is not that big of a deal to me...its more the day to day that matters and I know he loves me to pieces and is fully aware of how damn lucky he is to have me as a mom - lol.
Alex’s response was: “I hadn’t thought that it may be like that for reviewers. We certainly seem to have got our fair share of reviews but, if it’s putting people off, it’s something to look at, definitely.”
Increasingly, though, more and more security guards in these lobbies are yelling at me to un-plug my phone, and telling me it’s “rude”, I “should ask permission”, and that it is simply “common courtesy” not use these outlets. The most amusing was today when, after my phone had been plugged in for twenty minutes with no problem, the front desk security “guard” told me (quite forcefully and impassionedly) that I had to unplug because it would “set off their alarms”. That doesn’t even make sense.
I really do feel that communication is one of the strongest attributes that keeps a relationship like this running strong.
This summer, I'm really hoping to make great gains in all three of our kid bedrooms. I'm guessing some of my choices would not have made sense to you without this post. Especially given the little sidebar list of things that define our style. I'm not going to lie, my style is sneaking in there. I think it's inevitable that it will. But, my children have different senses of style, and those are - I really hope - going to come through, too. They don't necessarily mesh with the whole sidebar dealy. One thing has already become very apparent... my children don't care much for neutrals :)
Q. Is PurpleLeap part of IndiaCan or are both serving different sectors?
STORYCOMM
Means: "No one will ever see us alive again."
This week, I found out I have plantar fasciitis in my left foot. The plantar fascia is the connective tissue that supports the arch of the foot. When this tissue gets inflamed, your heel really lets you know about it in a bad way.
I use this everyday to set my makeup! I love it! I also sometimes spray my stippling brush with this before applying my foundation to make it more sheer. I really think this product makes my makeup stay on longer, I use it on all my clients. So good!
I received and read the ARC of Grace O’Connell’s Magnified World a few weeks after having read Patrick Ness’ A Monster Calls. World was nowhere near the tearjerker for me as Monster was (thank god — Monster was intense!), but World is striking in a different way. World is a lovely exploration of grief. When World begins, O’Connell’s narration doesn’t dive into grief so much as brush against it, little glancing touches that depict the intensity of emotion with metaphor and suggestion. The narrative becomes more openly emotional as the novel progresses, and I love how that reflects Maggie’s changing ways to express grief.
You may feel a bit caught out of the blue, and upon the beginning disclosures we can feel already that many of you will be evaluating and re-evaluating your own previous stances on how long these changes have taken to happen.
14. San Diego Natural History Museum
Tamiki: Can we-
Something is clearly wrong here. Yes. It is.
Apply adhesive in small areas and spread with a Popsicle stick OR an old credit card works great too. Begin to place your tiles where you want them. Tiles must "set" to the adhesive typically 24 hours before you are ready to grout. if any adhesive spreads between the tiles, wipe off immediately so it will not show during the grouting process.
To give all of himself
I'm the same as the old ones expect that I'm free
( I wonder what is there in it that can make me love it or see some joy in it. I wonder what I can do to influence the situation. I wonder if there is an opportunity hidden here? )
7.Don’t get angry or stressed, even over small things, it only makes your day unpleasant. Unexpected and unwanted things happen, that’s life, and the people around you understand that. The most important thing to do is manage failure. Make sure the relevant supervisor knows about the risk before it happens, and take a step back to come up with a rescue plan. Own the solution.
I have been taking care of this bird for a few weeks through his illness and perhaps it makes me a bad researcher, but I've grown attached to him (and to many of the others). Though I had lots of other things to do while my experimental bird was busy pecking away in the chamber, I decided that, with 81's future up in the air, that I'd give him 20 minutes or so to do whatever the heck he wanted.
yes! they were! they walked and ran in the exact direction of our truck, where we sat motionless except for the click of a camera.
Then I usually end up sitting on Facebook or Babycenter.
It’s true that the Frenchman did a terrible job by any standards. When Liverpool cashed in to the tune of £50 million, by selling Fernando Torres to Chelsea during last season’s transfer window, Comolli set about spending the loot with all the restraint and foresight of a drunken sailor.
Fortunately, we weren't asked to vacate the premises.
Tell us a little bit about yourself, e.g., what region of the US do you live in, what do you do, anything you'd like to share.
Of course this got my fertile brain moving this morning, the caffeine is kicking in, and we might just run a little competition this summer. Closing date August 31_ take your hat on the road, and send us the pics.
Orthodox church.
Favourite Flower: Tulip
to skim the surface
Raigan wasn't really impressed with Riley's win though because she somehow slept through the majority of the competition. I was pretty impressed because the cheer music was very loud and overpowering, but I guess waking up at 5am for cheerleading isn't for her.
Yes, me again with another quick bread. So simple to throw together and oh so good! If you haven't guessed it already by the title, I was again faced with more ripe bananas. In fact, 1/2 a dozen. I ended up using 2 in this recipe and another 3 in an upcoming post for Gluten-Free Chocolate Banana Cupcakes (be sure to stay tuned for that recipe too!).
You're obsessed with clocks. Oh good lord. You can spot one on a billboard, in the car, in a grocery store on a tv show, anywhere. It's your favorite word in the world to say. (I'm glad I'm not the only one in the family that is obsessed with them.) You also are in love with rocks, which makes my heart happy. You don't hesitate to run outside, barefooted, onto the gravel driveway to pick out just the right little stones. When you bring them to me, as if they were diamonds, with sparkles in your eyes, it's the world 10 times brighter in my heart. Can I tell you something? I've kept every single one you've given me. I have them all in a little jar. Yeah, I know it will overflow one day but, they are my treasures from your first adventures in life. Building towers in your specific way is a hoot to watch. You wear your thoughts on your face. Your daddy and I have all the entertainment we need just watching you figure things out, processing your thoughts or trying to tell us something.
2 cups shredded mozzarella cheese (8 ounces)
Although he harassed Jason Kidd’s family, harassing communication was not pursued as a charge to be convicted and sentenced in a court of law, because the investigator stated that the perpetrator made a threat to his wife which is third party.
I sit here now thinking about past. If I even had any chance to make things better in that time. I know and will always say I’m not the best and I have a lot of room for improvement, but I’ve always given some clearly stated chances to people that if they are doing something I don’t like and they don’t change, the result could be …. But some people, I can’t really appreciate their style. They like to hit with a surprise like “here’s all you did and this is what is happening now.” Then some don’t even have logical reasoning in their list of supporting “facts.” It can truly be a “blame game.” Imagine listening to someone giving a reason that they don’t believe in the relationship and you can quickly and easily say “so, why were YOU always doing that exact same thing? And very often!” In that situation the expectations are so toxic and annoying that there is no chance for peaceful communication between two. Anything can be resolved and improved between two people that love each other and have a desire to keep God at the center, but sometimes there are just personality traits that have no desire to change. Maybe I’m guilty of that actually.
As you can see it is basically a frame built on top of a 2 wheeled trailer that The Boy had sitting around. The sides with the openings are semi-see-through, and made from excess hoophouse plastic. The other sides are made from the billboard material we used on the last failed house attempt.
And cherished them, as Grandma’s should, you carried that love within your heart.
I know what I was thinking when I witnessed this agonizingly prolonged scene: Come on, Delphine, just say something! Don't just sit there and wallow in your own misery! Take some action and do something to fix it! And yet...I understand the impulse to wallow all too well.
I waded through this book, hoping that I would eventually be gripped by this tortuous tale, but I’m afraid I gave it up when I was half way through. I am too old to waste time reading books which are uncongenial and meaningless to me. I am glad that Agatha Christie did not continue writing novels like this but returned to writing tales of the detective exploits of Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple in the few remaining years of her life.
Speaker: Yarr.
I was only trying to impress some girl. It was either the slight paunch or coughing up of cigarette smoke!
And I just had to scratch that itch to start a new cardigan:It's the Empire Line Cardigan by Debbie Bliss. I've wanted to knit this forever. I've had the yarn forever too. It's RYC Cashsoft (Cashmere/Merino/Microfibre) the colour is "Poison". I got it on eBay a few years back specifically to make this cardigan. After all the lace shawls I've knit - I figured a lace cardigan won't pose too much trouble - and might even keep my interest enough to get it done quickly.
JMRL’s other books by Jared Diamond:
And all the reasons she should not.
There are some things one shouldn't do, while running for office:
As it turned out the shark’s name was Leonard. Once he had finished devouring Mark he felt bad about eating the poor guy. So he went to a wise octopus and asked what he could do. The octopus sent him on a quest to scalp an elf, but first he had to visit some sea gnomes to make him a supershark suit so that he could walk on land. (My sister is now reminding me that apparently I had to come up with a reason why elves and gnomes are different. What I ended up telling her was that elves lived on land and gnomes lived underwater. makes sense…) So after acquiring his supersuit, Leonard set off, but was thrown off by a storm and ended up in China. While there he met a llama named Ferdinand and they decided to walk together to Ireland to find some elves. And then they were chased by a Chinese mob. And then they ran into the Great Wall of China. And then Leonard accidentally broke a hole in the Wall. And then a bunch of mythical Chinese women who had been holding up the Wall since it was built came out. And the women got into a fight with the Chinese mob.
At 30,000 words I had this feeling neither me nor my characters would be happy if we didn’t try to get this story out there. And once I accepted that, it grew.
“All men can be divided into two categories,” my friend Zelda said to me, “wimps and assholes.”
The Great Blue Heron (GBH) is the largest of the North American herons.
I am excited to introduce Dean Schnider, the co-producer of Hachi: A Dog's Tale. Dean is the young visionary who sought to bring the story to the screen. His ambitions as a producer started at the age of 12 when he saw JAWS and read the quote by William James, "The best use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts life.” I’m pleased that Dean was able to chat with me about his experience as a producer of this special film.
“Good soldiers of Jesus Christ have many battles to fight with their unbelief, with the perverseness of their nature, with evil temper, and with besetting sins.” QOC
I also learned a lot from the easy way schizophrenic women were giving birth before the widespread use of powerful antipsychotic treatments. It has been demonstrated that unmedicated schizophrenic people have neocortical inhibition deficits. Interestingly powerful antipsychotic drugs such as clozapine tend to potentiate the effects of GABA.5
To this day, each of us three kids would be able to sing along perfectly to either of those albums without one single lyrical mistake. We're not proud of this.
4 May, 2012 – A man, sentenced to be executed, fighting his sentence, fighting for his life, is to be baptized, confirmed, and to receive his first communion as a full member of the Catholic Church. Death Row, Tennessee.
Problem is, I do not have a jointer plane that can be used for step two. The wooden one that I made is set up for fine shavings along the edge of a board. I don't have time to make a new one, nor do I wish to part with more money having spent a chunk of change on lumber for my workbench.
To put it kindly, running wasn't Stacey's strong suit. It seemed that no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't keep up with Mattias and Syrin, and only Mattias was kind enough to slow down occasionally and help him forward. At any rate, he wasn't outrunning the shooters. Syrin seemed to be picking through the alleyways as if he'd ran down them countless times before, Stacey panting behind and Mattias occasionally knocking things over to slow down their assailants. Bullets ricocheted off the buildings just as Stacey and Mattias rounded another corner. Several times Stacey could hear a loud crash and cursing, followed by scrambling. Once he happened to catch a glimpse of Mattias smile spread at one of these times. As much as Stacey hated that Mattias was a slaver, times like this made it hard not to love his undaunted spirit.
And I will never complain about paying two euros for a three-bite snack again.
I can finally, just now, start to think about Mila's future a bit more. Seriously during that time we had to literally take life one moment at a time and simply could not see past the stepping stone we were currently walking on. Looking back I picture Shawn and I standing in the middle of an empty land with stepping stones only behind us, trying to see ahead but not being able to because of the heavy fog. Moment by moment, the Lord reached out and took our hands leading us to the next stone. The night I was alone in CICU with Mila I was soooo tired and stressed after a long rough day. She woke up for the 78th time and I just stood by her bed praying for God to lay His hand on her and comfort her because I was too weary to keep at it by myself. At that moment I so vividly felt God's hand on my shoulder comforting me. I prayed for Him to comfort her not me. But there He was beside me when I felt I couldn't carry on another minute alone. I surely felt His presence at that time more than any other time I can remember. Peace washed over me and I could feel so many prayers being said for Mila and for us. I treasure that memory because it comes to mind each time I am weary and feel like I can't make it to the next moment and it reminds me He is our strength and with Him we can get through anything even when the moment seems absolutely impossible. Mila-bean is teaching me so much already and helping me find a strength I never knew I could tap into.
Widespread celebration of hair, wherever it grows.
Yesterday, new symptoms sent us to another physician for additional treatment.
Round 8: Ch 3. Dc in first 8 dc. Ch 4. Sc around all chs into 5th skipped dc on Round 5 (see photos below).
to someone she knew.
Whew - are you still with me - I hope so 'cos now here are our dt projects from my fabulous Deezine Team. Drum roll please.............................
If you are stopping by because of Serendipity Magazine, let me say welcome! And thanks to Sia for making this happen. If you would, leave a comment and let me know where you are in the world. I know that Sia's efforts reach many people around the globe, so I'd love to know where you all are coming from.
No need to detail here how ruthlessly they exploited that event, only to mention in passing how the complete failure of their New World Order highlighted their hubris.
Now we’ve just got to get everything completed in time…
Saturday, March 15, 7:00-9:30 PM
sending this to the event -
I’ve always said that art, music, comedy and literature are our best weapons against this lunatic fringe. You can’t shout down art.
(WARNING! May contain Spoilers!!!)
He heard it again. He came out to the balcony of the summer palace to gaze around.
And so, to close out these 19 days:
A quote to analyze: Bonnie: “A witch cant truly make an immortal creature; there’s always a way to undo a spell.” Hmm so can we kill Ric? Correction: Can we save Ric?
We finally cleared the mobs in the courtyard. Then we went up to the wall via one of the towers to take out those pesky archers.
Gold Thornbridge Jaipur 5.9
You’ve always been there
It was also a crucial business decision.
When this detox is over, I think this would be extra delicious with a bit of goat cheese crumbled in to melt a little ~ now I am drooling.
The second band from my well sprent youth is Dash Rip Rock, the Louisiana Swamp punkabilly drunk rockers from New Orleans. I think at one point Dash Rip Rock had played every SXSW and were the only band that had that distinction, but I think their streak has been broken. I'm still guessing they've made close to 20.
There we were. The four of us. Two boys, my miracles and my husband, also a miracle.
I would like to say Thank you to all the sweet ladies that I have been working with for about 3 years....You all have a very special place in my heart...and I will be missing you lots....
Follow-up on the axe discovery (Feb 10th)
Who are the beneficiaries of this happy state of affairs? We don’t know: All the Panamanian companies are fronted by Panamanian lawyers and trustees.
unread food magazine in hand, to give it a try.
Last week, I had to get my driver's license renewed, which meant an eye exam. I saw the blinking light on the right-sided peripheral vision test, but not the left. I only passed because the examiner reminded me, "You're supposed to let me know if you see something." I took a wild guess and passed. Should have been to see the doc last week, but with the death and the funeral, there was no way. Now in this planned last week of leave, I need to get a visual field test and see if I flunk it. And probably call the neurologist. And plan to see a rheumatologist sometime in the next month. And get labs for cholesterol and Vitamin D.
Brycen loves drinking milk and water. He gets milk with breakfast every morning in a sippy cup. He doesn't eat cold cereal yet, he really likes eating cereal bars and wants one every morning for breakfast. He drinks his milk as well as water in another cup throughout the day. Every now and then he gets juice, but we give that to him as a treat. Sometimes we give him tastes of sugar free and caffeine free soda as another treat. But he's been so good with his water and milk, it's been great!
Chalmers Ashby Johnson (August 6, 1931 – November 20, 2010) was an American author and professor emeritus of the University of California, San Diego. He served in the Korean War, was a consultant for the CIA from 1967–1973, and chaired the Center for Chinese Studies at the University of California, Berkeley from 1967 to 1972. He was also president and co-founder of the Japan Policy Research Institute (now based at the University of San Francisco), an organization promoting public education about Japan and Asia. He wrote numerous books including, most recently, three examinations of the consequences of American Empire: Blowback, The Sorrows of Empire, and Nemesis: The Last Days of the American Republic. For a brief period in the 1960s, Chalmers Johnson was a RAND consultant.
i caught a cold from work. all that hand sanitizer and we still spread germs like wildfire. unfortunately, there was also a stomach bug going around and i think i've caught that too. :(
Secretary: Michelle Mao
Tiny Cottage
I got in the car to run some errands and go to the bank a couple of weeks ago, and – knowing I might be waiting in line a little while – I’d taken my MP3 player with me, which I don’t usually do if I’m just running the usual errands. My MP3 player pretty much stays on shuffle.
Michael’s Sabich Recipe (with introduction)
Looking to the future, do they have the players to stay in the Premier League? Starting in goal I believe they have two very good goalkeepers in Kelvin Davis and Bartosz Bialkowski. Davis is the number one and is very consistent having played nearly every game this season, and with over 600 games in his career he will not be fazed by playing in the Premier League.
Sri Aurobindo said that one had to meditate on the mantras to understand their meaning. This is exactly what my Veda Guru’s Guru (Sri anAkAma mAra formerly Sri Padmanabha Aital) also taught her. So though I have been bringing up vedArtha as a lesson option., she has been generally postponing it.
If there’s anything unique about this episode, it’s that the last-act action sequence occurs at the beginning of the episode and not in the end. (So technically it’s not a last-act action sequence, but since it’s a standard component of the Avatar formula, it’ll keep its full name.) The kids fight their way into the Earth King’s palace, taking down probably hundreds of guards and Earthbenders. I’ll admit, I wasn’t very thrilled this time around like I was with certain other big action sequences (the ones in “Avatar Roku: Winter Solstice, Part Two” immediately come to mind), but it’s still a cool scene. I’d say it’s more or less like a harmless jam session where Aang, Katara, and Toph get to show off their wicked Bending abilities for its own sake. Not emotionally investing, but often amusing to witness.
An historical astronomical instrument.
“I urge Malaysian women to distance themselves from the Wanita Umno wing, which has failed to save themselves from this situation and were willing to allow themselves to be led by the nose.
NAUGHTY INCARNATION #2
When Black Friday comes, I'll collect everything I'm owed
While research does not show that eliminating gluten from your diet directly leads to weight loss, several studies show that making healthy changes to your diet can promote weight loss. The reason why numerous individuals lose weight on the gluten-free diet is that they are consuming fewer processed and fast food items. By replacing processed foods and empty carbohydrates with fresh fruits and vegetables, dieters can expect to see a lower number on the scale.
‘Yes. that’s right it was…’
My bet is that this won’t last long, as Braska is a really really light sleeper, like her mother. I’m thinking that KiKi will end up in her bed or the recliner before too long. But while it lasts, it’s just adorably sweet.
Bring a blanket or something to sit on. No pets, please.
But not all worship moments involve emotional intensity, there are some that equal the fervor of a Sunday morning worship time in a Charismatic church, but there are others where you don’t respond the same, but in your heart, there is no doubt about giving credit to Whom credit is due…
Plus, it has the added advantage of a OTP that actually make me want to root for them to be together even in real life! (I adore Han Ji Min and I adore JYJ, so Han Ji Min x Park Yoochun is a pairing that totally makes me nod my head fervently ^^)
To calculate EV, times and apertures, times ago it was used the table you saw before, now it's used the built-in light meter provided in all he new generation cameras.
10ml Apple Juice
I can't remember exactly how many novels I've written now, but as I finished Draft 2 of Construct A Couple, it struck me how my emotional writing journey usually remains the same -- even with all I've learned along the way.
I armed myself with lots of periodical inspiration but everything just seemed so damn expensive (especially when faced with a new mortgage). And the choices were once again, so daunting. So before you know it a month turns into 6 months which turn into a year and suddenly you've been living in a place for 3 years, all the while making excuses about "we just haven't gotten around to it".
Damn...sometimes I wonder if this thing is ever going to disband me from the web...LOL.
Fr Peter Steele SJ is Professor Emeritus of English literature at Melbourne University and was Provincial Superior of the Jesuits in Australia from 1985 to 1990.
You better know what you want
The Sunshine Award I have already received, but I have no idea how to put the picture on my blog page. To be honest I haven`t tried, I expected the first time I was given the award to be a one off and it would never happen again so it wouldn't matter.
NAB booth #SU1802
This is perhaps the main reason why so much advertising is awesome, but way off mark. I pose the following theory: We subconsciously create advertising to impress our peers, not sell to our target audience. We are so infatuated with our own genius and want to show it off, that we forget the purpose of the job – to sell stuff.
What's next for Austin Pendleton?
Speaking of the word “off” I need to rant a bit. Back in the olden days when I was teaching in Jud, ND, I had this great grammar book that put two little incidental rules at the end of one chapter concerning off and at. I had never thought of those two rules prior to using that book, and actually have not seen them since, but I wish more of us adhered to them.
thinking -
Besides bought few stuff for me, my parents did bought tons of haul too. Mainly because they had booked the luggage allowance to the max up to 30kg each.
I’ll post the walkthrough of the house soon. Mike took pictures during the inspection which shows the house prior to the improvements we’ve made. Soon, I will describe the renovations that have taken place over the course of the past year and kick around some ideas that I have of things to come.
POV: Point of view always messes me up. Sometimes while I'm drafting a story, I will change the POV to see if it's stronger in someone else's viewpoint. It never fails that pieces of the old POV gets left behind, and I forget to switch it.
it's light again
- handing us things
My personal favourite this time has been a little redhead.
behind the invisible bars
Lim also said that the government’s stand raises doubt that an impartial “public inquiry into the Bersih 3.0 violence and brutality regardless of the victims – whether the police, journalists or peaceful protestors” — can be carried out.
South Carolina – 28.5 percent, 29.0 percent
Part of my 1000 gifts list this days includes...
2 mini books
I really thought I’d have a lot to write about here concerning structure, but I don’t. Obviously, the internal structure is different. The two protagonists meet but are already in love by the beginning. The impediment really isn’t an impediment of the usual sort (a rival) – it’s a style that’s the impediment and that’s easily overcome. And then we do end happily ever after.
“Maybe all of this is not really for Aiden. Maybe all we’ve
A Most Improper Magick is an engaging, funny and thoroughly enjoyable romp through a fantastical version of Regency England.
Biggest change in my life, especially looking at my last blog about escapism, is that I’ve gotten a job. I know. It’s awesome. I’m teaching back at home at my high school–the place where I told my mom when I graduated that I would be working there. She told me “Don’t get your hopes up, it’s very hard to get a job there.” Ha, I showed her.
For our challenge this fortnight our theme is.....
"Well then I'll have to run to the shoppe and get one."
At least that’s what he told himself as he walked to the beauty salon.
So many good memories around food. We can all remember the special yummy things we've enjoyed around holidays and special occasions. And many of these memories are attached to our childhoods, but think about the stolen or unexpected moments when good food wasn't planned, when it just happened. I would argue that a lot of these serendipitous moments occur in the spring, or summer time. A lot of these moments are connected to fresh food, and food that is eaten, as the foodies say, "out of hand." That taco was delicious because it was loaded with fresh greens and the handmade soft tortilla was warm and salty, redolent with the smoke and burn of a hot grill. The morels were an unexpected gift from a thoughtful student and, in the rush of the day I forgot them, until at last the dishes were done, the children tucked in bed, the newspaper finally unfurled. When I remembered the mushrooms, which had been picked that morning, I couldn't bare the thought of letting them grow a moment older. The effort of putting down the paper and rising from the chair, was worth it. Those mushrooms tasted like spring. Gifts from the sea, eaten at the seaside-- well, there really are no words for that particular delight. And now spring is here, our yards and woods and fields are waking up. Things smell good, and look good again. Old hungers are awakened. I crave the fresh and unexpected.
stunning beauty!
Setting triangles and cables after being washed
Cheers to the JCCSC for taking the time to answer the questions, appreciate it. Everyone have a good weekend watching Neil and the team hold aloft the SPL trophy on Sunday.
Then one day, they hatched and we were told that they all made it and they were all happy with the names I gave them.
But my warlock’s offhand scepter did make her look deliciously spooky.
In the corporate sector part of my life, the words I heard were selfish, political .. manipulative and distant from the truth. I do not miss those words at all.
Addy Giordano is out to prove she’s no ambulance chaser when she lands the biggest personal injury case of her legal career. She has her work cut out for her though; Addy’s client was in a minor rear-end accident but is claiming a major injury that is supposed to cause the worst pain known to man.
A recent British study suggests that dawn simulation, a form of light therapy in which the patient is exposed to white light of gradually increasing brightness (peaking at 250 lux after 90 min) may be even more effective in treating depression than exposure to bright light. Dawn simulation is started around 4:30 or 5 o’clock in the morning, while the patient is still asleep.
The Supreme Court began by acknowledging that there was a balance to be made – according to the court “The more artistic protection is favoured, the more technological innovation may be discouraged; the administration of copyright law is an exercise in managing the trade-off.” There were strong arguments in favour of imposing indirect liability here, based on the vast number of infringing downloads and the impossibility of direct enforcement against the individual direct infringers.
The funniest thing is that with all his top billing, Rupert himself has a very small part in this film! Here's the whole deal in a nutshell! Shortly after the Amendolas moved in, Dingle suddenly has $1500.00 a week coming in from an old gold mind investment, and he doesn't trust the bank, so he squirrel's in off into the wall, not knowing that Rupert resides there too. Mrs. Amendola happened to be praying to God at the same time, when from out of the sky and through the broken skylight drops 15 one hundred dollar bills courtesy of Rupert and the unknowing Mr. Dingle. Next thing you know, she's praying every Thursday at the same time that he's making his deposits, and the Amendolas are suddenly becoming very wealthy! Like Jesus in a tortilla, they think it's just a miracle!!
Race time was approaching and I edged my way up toward the front of the corral, the race began and I had to manoeuvre my way out of the crowd. It took a bit of a sprint to do so, but it was worth the effort, especially since by the time I was able to separate a bit the route was on the sidewalk over the bridge.
Honor gets as far as the driveway before running into Rusty, Finn’s best friend since third grade and his polar opposite. She hasn’t seen Rusty in ages, but it’s obvious he is as arrogant and stubborn as ever—not to mention drop-dead gorgeous. Despite Honor’s better judgment, the two set off together on a voyage from Texas to California. Along the way, they find small and sometimes surprising ways to ease their shared loss and honor Finn’s memory—but when shocking truths are revealed at the end of
March is based on the absent father from Louisa May Alcott's beloved classic book, Little Women. Mr. March is a passionate abolitionist and preacher and when the Civil War begins, he finds himself at 40 years old, leaving his home, his wife and daughters to aid the Union Army. He holds many roles during the first year of the war as he seeks to bring peace and healing to the wounded. In his letters, Mr. March finds he cannot tell his wife everything that has happened as the war is so horrible. Racism exists on both sides and March struggles with the convictions of others.
Accessories: 1 1/4" circle punch, Modern Label and Word Window Punches
It is the high vibrations of love, or light, that started stirring individuals’ conscious awareness over seven decades ago, when far distant powerful civilizations beamed that lifesaving energy to your homeland planet. It was the ever-increasing light intensity on Earth that raised the collective consciousness of her residents and brought her and you to this point on the ascension pathway.
And then the actual race, of course.
I Do Not Love You (Pablo Neruda)
- Expelled: No Intelligence Allowed (Ben Stein)
“How many?” Hood knew Tanner would have anticipated the question.
Unity. The one thing I know for sure, if God is who I think He is; is that he wants unity among men. Unified in love, mutual respect, accepting each other as valuable and as equal. I have no doubt about this. The cutting behaviors that start from childhood, the teasing, the “making-fun”, the tearing down of fellow humans driven by the need to feel better about ourselves needs to be unlearned. Learning to love ourselves so that we won’t feel the need to engage in this type of behavior to try, albeit wrongly, to make ourselves feel better. I can start again today to change this in myself. It is not just a behavior of children. We all do it. I’m working on that daily. I must stop muttering about the person ahead of me in line, or at the stop-light. Sounds silly and trivial, I know, but it is a starting point, and it has to start with me.
In the season premiere episode of FAMILY GUY, “Powerball Fever,” the Griffins gamble and hit the jackpot, so FOX wants fans to get in on the action. Go to the official show website to enter for a chance to win money and fame in the “Great News! We’re Rich!” sweepstakes. Tune in to the season premiere, airing Sunday, Sept. 25 (9:00-9:30 PM ET/PT), where the winner’s name could be revealed during the broadcast!
Remove tart pan from refrigerator. Line crust with foil. Fill with pie weights or dried beans and bake until golden, about 15 minutes. Keep the oven on.
The answer depends on what kind of yoga you do and how often you do it. There are a lot of claims that yoga will not help you lose weight. This is true of the most gentle types of asana practice which include light stretching and seated meditation. However, if losing weight is a priority, there are many of more cardiovascular types of yoga available that will raise your heart rate and help you lose weight assuming you are also watching what you eat. Yoga is also great for building muscle definition, making you look more toned.
The rewards are useless so don’t worry about it. Just the last one adds 1 on all stats and 50 DEF. The only thing that’s good is the other rewards they don’t show, if you do the quest for 10 days. Only then you’ll get:
At the time of his death there were 22 Haafiz
Hopefully I'll be posting about a good sale result come Thursday, wish us luck!
Wow, super inviting nose. Caramel, a light touch of whiskey, and fruity sweetness. Just awesome. After the first sip, the first thing I did was check out the ABV on the bottle just because it was so smooth and it turned out to be 13.5% and I couldn't believe it. I didn't expect anywhere over 10% at the most. Hiding an ABV like that is pretty amazing. Tons of caramel and sweet fruit, like plums and apples, followed by some vanilla and oak to smooth it all out. Hints of the whiskey come out but it's really well integrated and the barleywine holds up to the barrel incredibly well. Just a fantastic beer.
“Clifford, Jeff and I started Palms a little over a year ago out of a desire to continue making music together after ISIS ended,” explained Harris. “Chino joined shortly after and our sound took shape from there. We’ve worked really hard on this first release and are excited for people to hear it. It’s nice to be back behind the drum kit, and with this line up.”
The police identified him as Jason Russell, aged 33. After concluding that he was harmless, they sent him to a hospital for treatment. I’m glad to say that his wife has remained loyal and steadfast throughout the ordeal:
Today's afternoon beer was the Finest Kind IPA from Smuttynose, and came on draft at TJ's. This draft pours with an apricot color and a thick head which stuck around, sort of a giant spoonful of marshmallow fluff in the glass. The aroma was light, with notes of citrus and grass. The taste is really good - a mix of grapefruit and hop bitterness, with some malt and a subtle earthy, grassy finish. Very good option if you're in the mood for an IPA.
The whole book.
Fighting clothes is difficult so can I just say the clothes I like? I like the tomboy style. I often wear clothes like a hiphop boy or suits that have a man-ish or boy-ish feel.
Onto my card for today~ I've been inking up some new images I bought recently and decided to give this cute little skater girl a whirl on the ice. I chose some paper from Basic Grey's new "Marjolaine" collection- the leaves in the background pattern look almost like funky snowflakes. The background papers were stitched together and distressed on the edges a bit. I realized I had stitched the argyle piece down before deciding to add punched borders, so I added some stitched ribbon to cover the transition zones.
1 rapidly
It’s all over! 50 books in 39 weeks. What’ll I do now?
HT: Definitely. I would love to someday be have a series or two in bookstores.
BARMAN - (Tapping the Proper Job pump...) This one's Proper Job.
Words were but wasted breath;
As an example, our natural tendency is to wake up in the morning and start thinking about what we will eat that day – what we’re going to put into our mouths. What we probably need to think about instead is what is going to come out of our mouths that day.
Sauber looked good in the first half of the race, then lost their holding and finished 10th and 11th overall. Sergio Perez had some brilliant laps, fending off Lewis Hamilton and a set of tires, well past their expiration. Fernando Alonso finished 9th, after another difficult drive in the F2012, a car that’s quietly plotting to kill its driver. The incredibly twitchy Ferrari, forced Alonso to fight the car, the entire race. It’s a credit to Alonso, as he’s the best man for the job. On the other hand, his teammate Felipe Massa struggled, again. Massa’s pacing isn’t remotely close to the upper half of the pack, much to the dismay of his team. I’ll be surprised if something drastic doesn’t happen at Ferrari this season.
This lady was born in Poland and classically trained on the flute in Katowice, studied jazz sax in Warsaw, and has since hit the Parisian scene with a bang.
Athena the Brain is the first in the Goddess Girls series, a series of books for pre-teens where the protagonists are the Greek Goddesses as teens at school, learning what it takes to be a proper goddess. While at school, they bump into the other gods and goddesses we know from the myths, with a hint of humour.
Contact MileagePlus by mail or phone
4) You can juice almost anything! Kale, spinach, celery, beets, on and on…
Val continues working for XXXXXXXXXX, out of California. Since she works from her home office, over the Internet, it is hard to beat her commute. She is a Sunday school teacher to the preschool class this year. It can be quite a challenge. Activities and demonstrations are a big part of the class. They have ranged from splashing sinks full of water to demonstrate the parting of the Red Sea, to a “talking” stuffed gorilla, answering Bible questions. She is enjoying it and apparently learning a lot. Val is still active with the American Sewing Guild, ASG, and is the quarterly newsletter editor. Her sewing projects have included two formal dresses for Maddy, Sweet Heart Ball and Prom (because you can’t wear the same dress twice), Tiffany’s wedding dress, bridesmaid dresses, and various Christmas gifts. She entered the Prom dress in the State Fair and won 2nd place in the Special Occasions division.
According to MarketScot CEO Richard Kerr, the results continue to show a slow and steady path towards rate increases in all segments.
NBC, the FBI, the DOJ, ATF, the New York Post, CNN all of them attacked a character they assumed him to be with labels such as "Rambo" or "a white guy with aggression issues", generally an all around failure in life. They wanted him painted in a certain light to the public and they got it. The citizenry marched on him, called in death threats against him and, crucified him day in and day out.... all without trial. Perhaps the quote that surmised his fate was best said by the evening news anchor
The conversation lasted for three days...via text (ding ding ding) and we decided to grab dinner at a local restaurant...cool...I was broke anyways and he offered to pay. He was actually very nice, so I was looking forward to the date. Looking back over his profile and his noted height, I dressed to impress, including a sexy-ass pair of heels and skinny jeans.
With the depth of this intimacy of identity with balance
Some writers also go so far as to include reams of description of food and clothing, which is nice, but I don't necessarily do that. On occasion I will mention a nice kidney pie, or a glass of port, but I know how I feel when I read something that contains four paragraphs of what was on the dinner table. To me, that just takes away from the reading of the book. And I don't necessarily care that the morning gown the heroine wore was made of yards of imported silk, capped with an organza overlay with enbroidered flowers around the hem and neckline. I'd rather just know the color. But that's just me.
Dash has his own plans, and secrets, that entwine Felicita and her new friend, the vampire Jannik. As Felicita gets drawn deeper into Dash's plotting, she struggles with trusting him. Does he care for her or is he using her to get his way? As the story progresses, things get more convoluted and enemies stay firmly in gray areas. You never know who to trust in this ragtag group of street kids, which is part of the fun of the novel. I thought the plot went kind of crazy all over the place during the climax, and I wasn't satisfied that Felicita found true happiness the way I wanted, but it was definitely a fun journey.
That’s a total of 11 inches off my body in four weeks…
Michael Joseph Duffy, 29, Northport, N.Y.
Commit to picking a space for every day where you commit to spend time in prayer.
This year, I know I'll be busy. I've got a... uh... spirited child who demands my attention 95% of the time while she's awake. That doesn't leave much time for anything else. Usually I can occupy her with treats or by letting her demolish my piles of papers so that I can cook some sort of dinner or do the dishes. But much else has to wait until after bedtime, and by them I'm just so exhausted that I don't really do much but sit around.
Now I know what she was talking about. I smile to myself, inwardly thanking Aunt Tzila. I chop the onion swiftly.
regarding our designers.
BONUS ENTRY: If you “LIKE” OCL on Facebook, you’ll get a bonus entry (as long as you tell us you did it) ~ if you've already "liked" us, let us know that too!
And if I’m not then you’re unreasonably fearful of me.
One cup of quinoa
Nobody wants to entertain the thought that they did ANYTHING wrong. EVER. And if that’s true of most Americans, I imagine not many Israeli are eager to even engage in this thought process, so painful and personal the issue may be. As I said earlier, people are not naturally inclined to understand others, “especially if that person is a stranger and your parents have warned you against him.”
10. Having your children curse you out in public is not normal.
Anyways other things that have gone on this week are watching kids. I also got seeds for my garden and I’m SO excited about it. I cannot wait to plant them. I just have to figure out logistics of what to plant where. And I also will be helping my friend do a garden too! Its exciting. Tonight the boy and I watched the 4 kids while our friends went out. It was so crazy and loud and we finally got them to bed so we are watching Wallace and gromit on netflix. Cute. Hopefully I will have some reviews written tomorrow and I am excited for things that will be coming up in the next few weeks. I really want to go thrifting for books but that time will come soon.
6 versions of Mikkeler Black Hole.
Soon he captured the hearts of many, they all wanted to hear and see him. What joy one of these evenings was, he narrated from one song to the next, anecdotes, a few jokes, and also some philosophical profundities!
*) Blame women for being the victims of rape by Muslim men in Norway.
We ate here twice.
My instinct tells me that the colors are bit darker this time with less white. Not sure.
Also, it’s not too late to make the decision to join us! Did you even know there was such a thing as “Screen Free Week”? I didn’t until about 4 days ago. Take the challenge! Unplug!
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday– Rest, rest and more rest. It felt so strange not to go out with B when he was doing his 9 miles and I couldn’t help but feel jealous when he got back from his good run, but I spent most of the time just icing my ankle and prepping dinner. And of course catching up on the DVR (Glee, The Voice and Ice Loves Coco aren’t going to watch themselves!).
despite how sick she was, she was always happy and acted just like herself.
4) I am completely overwhelmed at work, so overwhelmed that I just sit at my computer, staring dumbly into space, because I cannot figure out what to do first. And, after nine months on the (new) job, I have accumulated a grand total of 5 hours of leave time. I use it as fast as I get it because of doctors' visits, kiddo illnesses that call me out of the office, camp opening times that are not arranged with working families in mind, etc. Maybe, by Christmas, I will have accumulated enough time to take one extra day off.
“You’re kind of scrawny. You get picked on a lot in school?” Piper asked, still picking at his teeth.
Maybe Fred should take his disgust to the clubhouse and blow off some steam to his player's faces. There's always the ol' buffet table stand-by. It may not change anything at this point. But it will give us all some more good stuff to talk about. And what the hell, they deserve it for the money some of these players make. It's about time they face a screaming boss in the face once in a while just like so many fans who pay stupid amounts of dollars do to sit in Citi Field seats. But I said it yesterday; it's too late for that now. Fred should have taken different approaches to his team years ago.
DILMA ROUSSEFF was tortured; Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva was jailed; Fernando Henrique Cardoso was forced into exile. Brazil’s president and her two most recent predecessors all suffered under the country’s 1964-85 military regime. Yet only now is the country planning a closer look at the crimes committed in those years. By November 23rd Ms Rousseff is expected to sign a law setting up a truth commission, passed by Congress in late October. Its seven members will have two years to examine murder, torture and “disappearances” perpetrated by both the government and the resistance between 1946 and 1988.
On the trip to Gaspe, I saw so many crows! Flying past our car, swooping in front of us, sitting, stately, on dying trees by the side of the road... I said they were watching over us. Emi said I was silly. But when we walked back into the fields from my great grandmothers house, there was a crow feather, sitting straight up, caught in the grasses before our feet. Emi found it. I told her the crows were watching over us.
Oh, guess I forgot to mention that the kids also get a free education out of this deal. They're U.S. citizens, after all.
How's this for something different, an altered Jenga Block. My friend's partner actually found about 10 blocks in a skip, I ended up with 5. They've been sitting in my drawer for ages,so I thought I would get one out and use it for the daily challenge over at the Craftymess Group on Facebook. The challenge was to use Pink/Steampunk/Butterfly. I first painted the block with cream emulsion paint,then I covered all sides,top and bottom with some steampunk embossed card that my friend had given me a while ago,to colour the piece I used "Worn lipstick" distress ink. The butterfly was cut from an old book and also coloured with the same distress ink, I made 2 pink antennae.The little boy image is from a sheet of freebie images.Finally I added some stickles and the small metal embellishments.
I have to believe that it will make way for a new wonderful enlightening and magical experience.
I just read a blog post in which the author talked about how homeschooling is a lifestyle – it’s not a curriculum or set of courses; it’s your whole life experience. That has definitely proven true for me. I love exploring and learning with my kids, and though I had to alter some of my own life plans to do it, I have no regrets.
There's a hot new coupon available for $3 off ANY purchase at Staples (in-store)! If you are planning a purchase, use this coupon. If not, stop by Staples and pick up some free tape, paper, or other office items!
295Fair eyes, and tempting looks (which yet I view!)
Special mystery prize pack includes:
half cup of epsom salts
On a sad note....I have to go back to work tomorrow. Boo! On a happy note, Matt starts his new job on Tuesday. I will fill in details on my next blogging.
The birth certificate is not the only document which Obama refuses to release, amongst other things, he has not released his school records or his Columbia or Harvard records, although he is under no obligation to do so, previous Presidents have released this information, so the fact that Obama has not adds to the sense of secrecy and mystery surrounding the man who promised transparency during the election campaign.
Happy Sunday - I hope you all had a great weekend! Yesterday, my daughter Courtney and I along with my sister, niece and Courtney's friend all went wedding dress shopping. Yes....Courtney is getting married June 2013. After 5 bridal shops, she finally said "yes" to the dress. She looks absolutely beautiful and the dress is perfect! :)
On May 25, 1961 President John Kennedy declared that we would land an American on the Moon before the end of the decade. That same week trumpeter Miles Davis played Carnegie Hall in New York City with his acoustic jazz group. Since the mid forties Miles had been a pioneer and innovator of such jazz styles as be-bop, cool jazz and now with Gil Evans they were even combining a symphony orchestra with his trumpet playing. Two totally separate events, but in July of 1969 man would land on the moon and be the farthest away he’s ever been from Earth. By the summer of ’69 Miles would have taken jazz far away from its traditional origins, leading an electric crusade into unchartered musical waters.
Oh, and Cooper was playing with some G.I Joe figurines that have all sorts of awesome costumes. He was especially intrigued with the dude wearing the antarctic looking costume, and proceeded to come into the kitchen while my Mom and I finished frosting cookies, open the freezer, and carry on a conversation with the doll, as if he was asking him if he'd prefer the freezer. We were speechless, and then busted out laughing. This boy cracks me up!
There is an hotel/pub in Marble Arch, London, which used to have a gallows adjacent to it. Prisoners were taken to the gallows (after a fair trial, of course) to be hung.
Adapted from The Mozza Cookbook by Nancy Silverton
I believe I've been a customer to this facebook / online store for quite a long time now. The first time I can recount making an enquiry was back in June 2010 when I asked about the geo nudy contact lens they were selling ($15 AUD a pair). I've made a lot of online purchases from facebook stores before and I've had my fair share of good and bad experiences. Luckily enough, most of the bad experiences have resulted in the facebook business compensating me. As a regular online shop-a-holic, that's equates to a big gold star for customer service!!
“Well, everyone’s gotta eat shaving cream once in a while!”
People have written us and said they are amazed there is a scene here at all. They say that in their half million population city there may only be one good group . So, if we sell 500 copies of our record here, it's like selling 500,000 in America.
We bought a bag full of goodies, moved the chair 4 feet from the TV, and played into the wee hours of the night!
the times,
I did several things to the card - I colored the background with ink and a rolled over some screen material. I then ran it through my Wizard with a cuttle bug folder (leaves). Then I ran the arch type die (side dies) (floral borders) through my Wizard and punched out the pieces and placed them on the background paper about 1/2 inch in on both sides. I then used a HIT (Hearts in Touch) stamp to stamp the flowers atop and placed them over the arch dies. I then stamped a couple (from a miscellaneous stamp company), cut them out, and then placed them on the background being sure to place them so they looker further back. The roses were colored an off white with my DerWent water color pencils and there were some daisies that I colored yellow with a brown center, also with my water color pencils.
but a different one -- the little engine that could.
“She’s in the pool,” he answers confidently.
Catch you later..............
I personally agree with the Republicans on this one. Smoking is good and all, but I really love farting in other people’s faces while simultaneously sticking them with a slow-acting poison and I do not need a bunch of elitist, college-going, science-trusting, health-nut, communist bureaucrats telling me what to do in the Land of the Free. I’d tell you liberals to go put that in your pipe and smoke it, but none of you are man enough to do that!
And hey, everybody! Can we please note the word INTERCESSION, right in the prayer, there? Thanks.
First of all, I think I'm turning into a cheetah or a giraffe or some other animal that has spots because every time I get out of the shower I end up looking like this.
GO CATS! GO REDS!!!
When Angels Come to Town ... Hallmark Channel ... 12 AM
Dear Alexi,
Pila was given the honorific title “villa” which was reserved for the rich and culturally avant-garde communities in Spanish Philippines. Sadly, most of the Villas has failed to retain its old character. Among the eight Philippine Villa’s, only Pila and Vigan succeeded in maintaining the original town layout and the important bahay na bato’s.
Most people become delusion in the music industry, one reason because money rules everything.
After I wrote the previous article I did a little searching around on the internet and found the House of Common's report by which the new Government guidelines are based which can be found here. I just thought I'd post a selection of snippets from the evidence section to highlight my earlier point.
The trail became difficult to follow. Only a few inches fell, but it drifted waist deep in some places, completely covering cairns and the rocks along the side of the trail. Boyfriend didn't want to walk on the delicate tundra, so he kept plowing through the snow to make a path in the correct place. Walking took a lot of work.
I'm lucky there isn't paid work in there as well. Actually if I was employed then something would have to go - probably the allotment. We just couldn't do all this if I wasn't at home full time. I love what I do. Sitting down of an evening and reviewing what I've achieved during the day is what drives me. I couldn't just chase paper all day - what would there be to show for it? When we've eaten things we've grown or I'm wearing something I've sewn then I can see why I live like this. I love it really. :-)
For the next 12 days I will be ceding control of this blog to The Partridge, who intends (he says) to keep you entertained with topical Tales from the Tree. He professes to be reporting from the front line with “branch-breaking news” and “cutting-hedge journalism”. But he’s a dubious character, so you’d do well not to trust him entirely.
175Here all its frailties, all its flames resign,
That, folks, is a twenty percent drop in the nation's alcohol consumption in just five years. Is that not newsworthy? Why wouldn't a state broadcaster think licence-payers would want to know a fact like that?
(Photo: TC)
Quite clearly this is Blackpool, Lancashire and not New York, New York and therefore I can't be accused of somehow cleverly following up on the still from the 1912 film "The New York Hat" which served as the theme photo this week. Equally, charming though Uncle Frank's mother undoubtedly was (I regret to say that I never had the pleasure), nobody would suggest that she was as beautiful as the young Mary Pickford (yes, it was she in the theme photograph). So, there you are, a completely random and non-thematic photograph ...... which just, by chance, seems to feature rather a lot of hats.
I attempted to call the customer with about five minutes to run, and this time she answered. Just the tiniest, almost unnoticeable hint of annoyance came through in her voice. A few minutes later, I spied her curbside and she was in the car and we were on our way. Elapsed time from recognition of mistake: 43 minutes.
You observe that in China “there is now a new Christian identity that is distinctively Chinese.” What do you mean?
A new version of the old scene
Congratulations Carrie.
Brown as owls
The decline from last weeks Intermediate wave B at SPX 1393 clearly looks like Intermediate wave C. Thus far, we have had a three wave decline to SPX 1370, which we labeled Minor A. Then a rally to SPX 1387, which we labeled Minor B. Minor C is underway now. As soon as the OEW 1363 pivot range, (1356-1370), fails, the steep part of this declining wave should be underway. We continue to look for a correction low between SPX 1300 and 1340, and ideally between 1313 and 1327. Short term support is at the 1363 pivot and SPX 1340, with resistance at the 1372 and 1386 pivots. Short term momentum is nearly back to neutral after getting extremely oversold.
Have a great Monday!!!
Dinner in Dublin
So Bacon needed our help, and we were there for it. After the email from J and D’s I immediately emailed Kroger and asked them to keep Bacon popcorn on their shelves… this is the answer I recieved… Well played Kroger…well played!
I’ve read Twilight. And I enjoyed it.
My grandmother was a painter and had many art books which are now at my family home. As I flipped through some books I came across a Picasso poster, neatly folded into fours, that was between the pages. I opened it up to find the poster below; a 1970 art exhibition poster with the name Mourlot printed at the bottom.
hulth.
* Papers - Hot Off The Press
Those reprobate Gentiles didn’t even deserve consideration by God. They were infidels.
So getting a legacy deal isn't about getting into print anymore. Which means you'd be signing with a Big 6 publisher in order for them to release your ebook.
This is the stuff of fantasy, Fitton thinks.
Cold glass. First, a double whisky, then the Wilkinson's tansan, then a twist of lemon. It is as simple as that. You can get highballs in the Samboa tradition at Rockfish in Tokyo (see the Metropolis article for details) and in any of the 11 Samboa bars in Kansai (no central website but Gion Samboa is at 570 Gion-Minamigawa, Yuraku-cho, Higashiyama-Ku, Kyoto; 075-541-7509.)
This book spoke to me. I have never been diagnosed with depression but so many of the things that she was saying I could relate too. I was also understanding for the first time how my sister's mind works. (She was diagnosed with bi-polar some years ago)
I think you’ll agree that it’s gorgeous but what amazed me was that it was made by Milly Moo who is new to the land of Blog and is only 7!! We just had to share with you because it is so lovely. Her mum helped her with the cutting but she coloured and embellished it herself. Well done to you Milly – keep up the good work sweetie xxx
Artwork by Acrosome
Request No. 1
I know most of the things I've mentioned are things most crocheters already know and practice but if you don't hold this practice very highly I challenge you to challenge the way you weave in your ends. I promise you it will pay you back over and over in the long run.
Too add even more turds to the toilet, I noted that yet another former BTC touter now on my condemned list had come to visit as well, but we got along fine, even to the point where I complimented him on the Leo Gorcey impression he did! The strange thing about this is, that I did not take any pain or allergy aids that night and those are the things that usually give me sharp, vivid dreams! Well, all I gotta say is that it wasn't one of those dreams that give me the creeps so much (like the ones where I observe gross mass genocide or various wartime atrocities first hand-like) that I don't wanna go back to sleep for another century or so. With this one make it at least a good month, because once you get down to it Chuck Eddy is Chuck Eddy and there's no way gettin' 'round that disturbing fact!!
Let's call the whole thing off.
Think about your relationships. Have you struggled with how to make some of them deeper? Maybe it isn’t about spending more time with one another or helping out with chores or sharing more interests. Maybe it is about being willing to expose your authentic self. The deep, dark corners and the wonderful bright spots. The fears and the dreams. And when that feels scary, try taking taking a deep breathe…and dive in. I bet you’ll have enough air to breathe.
“As a person puts on new garments, giving up old ones, similarly, the soul accepts new material bodies, giving up the old and useless ones.” (Bg. 2.22)
We truly were blessed, and we're about to be blessed a second time. I trust God. I trust him with all of my heart. I look to him everywhere I go, to give me the strength to know what I'm doing, to do what I need to do.
This is how they look when I blend them together. I think that with this year I shall also use them separately as so many folk asked for plain bright colours.
Watching the red and orange embers climb higher in to the sky, I continued, “The first thing that drew my suspicions was the red rose in the triclinium. It couldn’t have been placed there for me, as if I hadn’t found you, I would probably have met you in the tablinum. Thus I assumed it was put there before, but not too long, as if I remember, the petals hadn’t wilted yet, so maybe, a private discussion between you and your slaves.”
Quite good at Sudoku, if I do say so myself.
I wanted to start off by saying the man who wrote this article, Cal Fussman, is not a journalist. He was not objective, and he was not intelligent in his questions. He was transparent, though, either intentionally or unintentionally because his agenda throughout the piece is clear.
These were always narrow exceptions, though. Pragmatic considerations had to be balanced against God’s injunction to “choose life” and to “be fruitful and multiply.” Also, in pre-modern times, abortion was both unpopular and risky, and medicine limited a physician’s ability even to assess the risks a pregnant woman was facing. The early Jewish philosophers were dealing with anomalies that justified abortion, not with Planned Parenthood clinics in every neighborhood.
DESCRIPTION: Under general supervision, the Recreation Specialist (Exhibition Preparator) works mostly during the times when exhibits at the Torrance Art Museum (TAM) are being installed and taken down.
he is scottish which is pretty exotic!
But I feel sad for them, the mean ones. They hurt themselves. They miss the beauty. They find the ugly. They are their own worst enemy. We don't need to be their enemies too. They have enough of those when they look in the mirror.
My prayer today -- May the Holy Spirit touch the hearts of man, that they embrace the call to suffer for sake of their neighbor and family and church, as Christ has suffered for us. In Jesus name, Amen.
Meanwhile, prepare the sauce: 1 to 2 tbsp tomato sauce, 1 tsp chili sauce, 1 tsp soy sauce, 1 tsp sugar, 1 tsp black vinegar, a pinch of salt and mix well with about 4 to 5 tbsp water (or more). Get ready some corn starch solution (to thicken the sauce).
I started The Old Colony Graveyard Rabbit a year ago today as a place to
Step 2 - Keeping the end of the wire that you just secured firmly in place, push the ribbon towards the secured end so that the ribbon gathers. (That seems like the single most complicated way to describe something very simple but I just can't find the "easy" words.)
Haha, today I met Elina in centre and as we we're going to her place there was a funny scene in a bus. I was searching for my bus ticket in my bag and ofcourse I had forgotten it home and so I was like I don't have it with me. The driver was just that I could go without. In two stops, as we got to the end stop, Elina and I didn't leave the the bus cause we had to go in other direction back. So, the driver started yelling at us that this is the end stop, like we didn't know,duh, and that I should buy the ticket or I should leave and as we we're leaving she closed the doors right in front of us, like she just said we should leave. :D She was the most the irritating person ever.
No need? Then please.
The women and the girls who wear the veil.
James 1:17
Mix about a shot's worth of apple cider vinegar in with a tall glass of your favoritus juice and slam it down. You could get all crazy like me and take white vinegar straight up but I don't recommend it.
We finished our first release performance with success. Almost 250 people came to the performance. Because the club was small, it was uncomfortable and there were so many people that the sound didn't come out as it should. ^^ We think like that it was a start you just have to be satisfied with. Still, compared to the warm reaction of the beginning, it lacked a bit, but we will work hard to wait cheerfully. If we made good music then the appreciating people will appear. If not, then we have to be hard working and make a 2nd album with new songs. ^^
The following is a four page list of quotes by famous individuals that reflect their knowledge of Government, Banking, Military, and Media control – or otherwise known as the “New World Order.”
Yet as big a thing as unschooling is in our lives, sometimes I think it isn’t apparent to others just how very many choices we’re making differently in our day-to-day lives. Not only does the unschooled child answer with a shrug and a “why on earth should I know that??” look when asked what grade they’re in, the unschooled parent winces when they hear a parent, as so often happens, threaten to leave their child (who is very much enjoying themselves sitting on the plastic pony in the mall) behind if they don’t come right now! The unschooled parent likely doesn’t understand how parents can scold their children for getting dirty, or rejoice at the beginning of each school year, or if they do understand, they shake their head sadly at their memories of a less enlightened time.
Sure there was lots of other things to blog about so will try harder to get some time, enjoy the sun.
“The Neurological Alliance is our friend? Neurologists consider ME or CFS to be a psychiatric diagnosis. When I got unwell, the only specialist I was referred to was a neurologist who went on to refer me to Alastair Santhouse of Kings. I got diagnosed and the only option I was given was for a course of CBT. I went in good faith but it didn't help. I'm still unwell, no surprises there.” Sue Howley, London; sick for 3 years
For some people, living from paycheck to paycheck is a way of life. Many of these people don’t even care; they are just happy to be living in the moment. However some are struggling. Some people go without, simply because they cannot afford something that many people take for granted. Perhaps they go without a meal, or a night out with a loved one. Perhaps they go without a bed for the night, choosing to sleep on the streets, just so that they can have a meal for themselves, or perhaps a child.
For sprinkling on top:
Hedonic Calculus
And it’s not even that Stuckey, who like other interviewees supplied personal photos, agreed to share with the world a picture of his teenage self (and future wife) at his high school prom. (Click to enlarge--the scan is from a pre-production galley.)
Besides, the Empress was dead. It was time to put Operation Thunderclap into effect. In the morning, the senators would start to gather in the Senate Hall for the first day of deliberations to choose a new Emperor. And once Lorovic was certain that all of them were in the Hall… Boom. Lorovic smiled, and then he chuckled to himself, and then his chuckles quickly turned into full-blown laughter. It was a strange sound coming from the normally stoic and reserved security officer, but he felt that it was justified, just this once.
Thus, the old argument that the indexicality of photography gives us a piece of the event, that it draws us physically closer to the recorded event, because literally the same light is still somehow present, is too easy for the trompe-l'œil artist. In the case of Wolfe, Oshiro, Peto and Harnett, they had no trouble working after photography. It isn’t the representation that matters but what the object and representation mean to the individual. If you believe that the human interaction with things means something, the trompe-l'œil of Oshiro and Wolfe should work for you as well.
"The LORD is close to the brokenhearted and saves those who are crushed in spirit." (Ps. 34:18, NIV)
So with London Fashion Week (#lfw) starting tomorrow, I figured a better plan of action was to rather just get stuck straight in, to pull the plaster off and go for it.
And will give your heart to a dog to tear.
Skirt : Down East Basics
because you truly believe you have found what you have been seeking
You cannot get angry with the guest you invited in with open, wanting arms.
Please feel free to call me at 626.824.8285.
to be a part of this incredible new venture.
The music that we all now know as industrial dates back to the ’70s and originates from Germany and the United Kingdom. So, when it comes to the industrial, aggrotech, and even electronic rock scene, Germans know their shit.
I cannot help feeling that any perspective authors looking at Choice will be continually put off by the restrictions placed on most of their packages, from page amounts allowed through to the binding on their Colour package. Even the basic package has a limitation of a minimum 50-unit book order for the author. The harder you look at what is on offer, the less choice an author will find.
"They expressed comfort with disagreement. They didn’t think you have to be the same in order to have a close relationship."
Publisher: Allen&Unwin
I empty the full glass
Motherhood is a divine calling---but it may not always feel that way. Now you can show the women in your life how much they matter to you, with this delightful and heartwarming volume of wit and wisdom about the divinity, reality, and rewards of motherhood. Fresher than flowers and sweeter than chocolate, it's a perfect gift for the women who give so much.
Can he possibly deny that someone who betrays his people, and calls upon his enemy to strike at his own people with air raids and bombs… Execution is not enough for someone who calls for this. He should be stoned to death, just like the man who guided Abraha to Mecca, in order to destroy Kaaba.
I could go on and on, but I am crying already and I don't want to pick you up with puffy swollen eyes. (More embarrassment.) I love your Wish, Hope, Dream motto.
Comi is short for communist. His real name is Jessup Davis, Jr.. He’s a few years older than Julian, and he’s opposed to this country because like me, we don’t exactly like what’s going on in our America.
On the inside, I stamped "happy anniversary" although of course I forgot to take a photo of it. D'oh.
Death to pride.
Outcome
The golden ball in the princess’s hand rumbled then, suddenly exploding into a puff of soot that stained the princess’s hand and dress. The dragon roared and hissed a thin stream of fire. From his nostrils came a plume of smoke that grew, grew so large it engulfed the princess and suffocated her till she coughed, tears streaming down her face. The smoke began to clear as she swatted at the air, and when she could see again, the dragon was nowhere to be found.
Bob asked me about my inspiration for the lyrics ”You’ve got the PEACHES, I’ve got the cream”. I told him about my mother who was from the Peach state, Georgia. (The above is my parent’s car on their wedding day in Texas on December 1955.)
Gai making his way down the stairs
The first chapter of my novel was critiqued by my writer’s group.
You’re on your own now, babe.
the future.
Observing and reacting. Not hunting.
Tomorrow: What exactly is the menu, and if you are so ordinary, why are you a food snob? And...Homemade Noodles for regular folk.
The winner will be chosen at random from a magical hat. ;) This giveaway will end on Friday, February 3rd. Please leave a way for me to contact you, in case you are the winner! This giveaway is open to my International friends, too. Thank you in advance for entering!
Since I've been super busy lately entering my last two weeks of classes, followed by two weeks of finals...I just have not been updating. At all. That being said, I was wondering if maybe ya'll would be interested in helping me out on keeping this blog going & writing some guest posts for me!
In fact, come to think of it,
Talking about this: 9,806
The thing that boggles my mind most about this ad is the repeated substitution of zero for lower-case “o”; seriously, it hurts my brain even worse than it hurts my eyes, because I cannot comprehend any possible reason for it. Is it supposed to be “kewl”, like the substitution of “z” for “s” in “hip-hop” writing? Or is it something even more stupid?
“Adversity is a fact of life. It can’t be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.”
Little Buddha, we are done with another week, and almost done with the alphabet.
So while this is all great news, it’s something of a shame a better title couldn’t have been used to kick this whole thing off. “Meglos” is from Tom Baker’s last season as the Doctor, and its release completes Season 18 as well. Season 18 –John Nathan-Turner’s first as producer and Christopher H. Bidmead’s first and only as script editor – was designed to have a harder sci-fi edge to it, as well as pulling back on much of the comedy that had been prevalent in previous seasons. Having written before about the beauty of Season 18, I won’t go down that road again, except to say that “Meglos” isn’t up to the same level of quality as the other six stories from that block. In fact, in many ways the script feels like a leftover from Season 17, which isn’t necessarily a bad thing, except that the entire feel and approach of Season 18 was fresh and new. As a result, “Meglos” is a story pulling in opposite directions.
Of peaches, and the bright rug
When Northumbria Police went to the extent of trying to detain him by using (unlicensed) Tasers – rifle-style weapons with a longer firing range than normal pistol-style Tasers – he took the decision to kill himself using his shotgun. However, conscious of his desire to be ‘taken down’ by armed police, Northumbria Police senior officers took a decision to deploy these unlicensed, ‘less-than-lethal’ options to prevent his death. Bearing in mind he’d already attempted to murder a police officer, threatened to kill yet more and gone to significant lengths to advertise his desire to die, this approach was an extraordinary one to detain him alive. (The decision around using the weapons was somewhat vindicated by HM Coroner as reasonable in the circumstances, a genuine attempt to achieve a non-fatal outcome; but ultimately not until after the Home Office withdrew the operating licence of the company who supplied the weapons. This in turn lead to the suicide of Pro-Tect director Pete BOATMAN, a former police inspector and of course, this had to be attended by … police officers from his own previous force in Northamptonshire.)
To make what's already an extremely boring and long story short, the lady stood me up yesterday, had an excuse, apologized, and offered to drop the price if I met her today. I agreed, and guess what? I got stood up AGAIN today! What. The. Hell. Is this funny for people?! Is it a joke to waste other people's time?!
I think this is an awesome thing as I hate waiting in line for 20 minutes for beer when I go to the rugby. Anyhow as i don't know much more about the technology, people should surf on over to the Sydney Morning Herald Website HERE to learn more.
‘It will go by so fast’.
5. If you had the opportunity to sit down with Ethan, Merit, Mallory, and Catcher for a bite to eat like in the beginning of Chapter 12, what questions would you ask them at this point of the story?
For non-geeks and those of us just wondering what this world is coming to, let me say that the mom, Rachel Wilder, is only doing this because she believes that her high tech hovering will keep her son “safe.”
His wiki page is a fascinating insight into a life in Labour. I don't know who wrote it, but I suspect old scores are being settled in a quiet little corner of the internet. I was unaware, for example, that David Clark MP was forced to apologise to the commons after meeting with Bosnian war criminal Radovan
I finally wanted to give a big Thank You to everyone that commented, liked and read my banana nutella post thanks to being Freshly Pressed 3 weeks ago ! It meant a lot to me and I’m very grateful for that !! Thank You one more time !
Beau had his favorites: peanut butter, chasing birds, barking at the ripples in the pool water, begging for fruit and veggies, his stuffed toys always neatly piled in the living room, and of course his beloved “cookies” (dog biscuits) from Trader Joe’s. He had his un-favorites, too: getting his ears cleaned, strangers coming to the house, and being left alone during the day. I’ll never forget the bark that was bigger than his bite, his sweet licks on my face, and the way his tail wagged a million miles a minute when I came home.
I am finding the book quite absorbing, although, since it was written in 1980, the feminist and political views expressed by the characters seem rather dated, in the light of hindsight. I expect they were considered quite unusual at the time. Later: I am afraid that as the book progressed I began to lose interest in the main character’s increasingly peculiar life, friends and acquaintances. I finished the book with difficulty and was very disappointed in it as Margaret Drabble has written some excellent novels and is usually one of my favourite authors. I fear this book is not in the same class as others she has written – or perhaps I lacked the intellect to enjoy it.
Obviously not all acts that are successful suffer this fate. Will Young is a prime example mentioned in the article. I personally don't watch these shows any more, I find it to be simply boring now, dull and repetitive. X-factor has been going for years now and after a while they all merge into one. Big Brother was suffering this very fate and at least had the decency to try and have a noble death before it became too milked. I really enjoyed the first three or so series of Big Brother. Now however I could only tell you a couple of the winners and even with that only a few more of the other contestants featured.
Trying to get through the menu is endless because the baby keeps screaming. After hearing the directions no less than four times in Spanish (did the babies screams sound like she was requesting Spanish? I guess so.)
Avery Brewing Co’s Czar Imperial Stout – 11.69% ABV
BG: Then Gary gets out of the lazy boy and reties the belt on his bathrobe and says, “We thank Brother Newley here for his wisdom,” but he says the last word really mean and he does this kind of bow to Tim. Then he says, “And that concludes the panel discussion portion of our program. We leave in an hour.” Then he took the bottle and walked back to the bedroom. Tim told us to start loading the guns in the van.
More than anything, the Oscar-winning success of this brilliant film relaunched the 40s era private eye genre in a darker mode to suit the unstable 1970s. With its rich score by Jerry Goldsmith, a wonderfully quotable script by Robert Towne with scalpel-precise direction to match by Roman Polanski, this is a work where the lead actors are able to do some of their best ever work – the scenes between Jack Nicholson, John Huston and especially Faye Dunaway just take your breath away. A classic and if you want to read a sustained bit of writing on it, you can do no better than finding a copy of Michael Eaton’s fine BFI Classics monograph on the film – for further details click here. Nicholson would go on to play JJ Gittes in the very different sequel, THE TWO JAKES (1990).
Now I am left with this:
Thrilling news….at least to me. My fave rubber stamp guru, Fred B. Mullett, is venturing east this spring and will be making a stop in Connecticut. For those of you who are not familiar with Fred’s artistry using rubber stamps, using a few basic tools and some crazy simple techniques anyone can master, attendees walk away inspired to try something new and different. During his classes, which by the way, have a HUGE FUN FACTOR, he teaches his students how to easily create art worthy of framing or gracing the fronts of highly artistic greeting cards. These are not your mother’s rubber stamping classes so leave your ideas of “cute” at home. Prepare to have fun and walk out with a new and very different perspective on rubber stamping. Visit Fred’s site for more information. The link is in the sidebar for your viewing pleasure.
Hugs and much love Bonnie
Enjoy the power of beauty of your youth.
The other Third Place winner was Meredith Jensen of the Vinton County Courier. Her “Journalism Jake” was dressed like a nineteen twenties scoop reporter complete with notepad and press hat. She will receive the $150 prize.
Whew, not too scary! And since this trail is BARELY used I got to go off leash. Ahh...freedom. But a few times those dead piney trees made noise in the wind like "CREEEEEKKKKKKKKKKKKKK" and "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO" so I'd run back to mom...just to make sure she was okay....you know...she was scared not me the big bad German Shepherd....
There’s a way to do it. Fast. And relatively simple.
Lots of you have been absolute stars in visiting fellow entrant's blogs and getting to know our challenge community. We would urge you to continue to spend a little time doing this and even if it's only 10 visits, you would be making 10 people very happy! In order to save time and make commenting easier for those wonderful people who have commented on SO many blogs...
Denise: I’m a pantser. I let the story take me wherever it wants to go.
After giving it a lot of thought, and reading roughly fifty books on the matter, I’ve come to the conclusion that a gold standard is the best monetary system.
Susan Harris (REP) 5.17% 96
1 12-18 pound turkey (I cooked a 16 pounder from Homegrown Meats)
“Bullshit,” Alec retorted.
If you’re considering coupons, but don’t know where to start, read on. These simple explanations and stress-free strategies could kick off a lifetime of half-price egg noodles. If you do nothing else, make sure to scroll down to the GOLDEN RULE OF COUPONING, wherein I explain the practice’s most important tenet as well as the origin of the universe.
Recently, the Prime Minister announced that she favours a republic but only after The Queen's reign ends. In typical fashion she qualifies her republicanism by saying Australians respect and admire Her Majesty. (So, why exactly are you a republican again?)
For Doreen Nelson, standard K-12 education as we know of it today, is a thing of the past. In fact, for her, old ideas in general are a thing of the past. As she ran her own Los Angeles art gallery in the 60's, she prepared herself to teach architecture classes at UCLA. And while that became a thing of the past for her, a new idea began to form in her head – an idea that would be worthy to be the basis for the sequel to Inception: redesigning the K-12 schooling to be more effective and engaging than it is today. What should one call this idea? Design-based learning.
Why is it that in 2012, we are fighting a war that I thought the suffragettes won 100 years ago? Women deserve affordable and safe healthcare. They deserve the opportunity to have access to things that will help them live healthier lives. As much as people don’t want to seem to admit it, that’s part of the whole “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness” thing too.
“Tuscany’s.”
Mom was sobbing by the time she finished her “Oh my God!”
Stock ('50), and her triumphant one-woman show at Broadway's
Happy almsot hump day friends! See you tomorrow for WILW!
“Ha!” Nikolas exclaimed triumphantly.
It will première at the Rose City Steam Punk Film Festival in Portland Oregon on the 13th of Feb (they actually requested the film, which is a new one on me =) and will then hopefully appear in the 3rd Short Cinema in London, and then wherever I can get it shown (afford to get it shown) while I finish off my other shorts that have waited patiently on the sidelines (Bonnie & Clyde, Monster Hunter, Violet Rain, Episode & Ep 2 of The Last Doctor)
Words are the only tool I have
The battle over the estate’s ownership has allowed Mr. Aquino’s critics to portray the popular President’s family as a greedy political dynasty.
Linkage:
Screen: 14 inch Wide Clear SuperView HD LED backlight, 1366 x 768 pixels
Ann is a graduating senior at Rice University and president of the Rice PAIR chapter. She is a recipient of the 2011 Mayor’s Volunteer Houston Award for her service with PAIR.
And it is this which gives the narrative of these early chapters their unique theological significance, for what they show is that whilst the Law is necessary, it is not sufficient. The Law will, as it were, get you so far. It will give you an identity and a framework, but for the ‘big issues’ of life you need Wisdom.
“My daughter was a pure Minestrone! I don’t know who you are!”
Let’s say you finished writing… something. Anything. You did a little research and found your dream publisher(s) – no matter if it’s a publishing house, a magazine, an anthology, your local newspaper. Now, it’s time to submit your work to their attention. It’s not enough that you are already anxious about pressing that “send” button. No, you want to make sure you’re doing it right. So, you search something like “how to write a cover letter to a publisher” or “how to write a cover letter for writing submissions” or anything similar.
Brother Dobie was probably best known for the 1973 ballad Drift Away--and we'll dig on that in a bit. But his first date with stardom came with 1965's The In Crowd, a hip if elitist manifesto to the benefits of belonging to the right group. Best lyric in the song: "We make every minute count/Our share is always the biggest amount." Gangsta!!
American developer Matthew Kerins received Prime Minister Owen Arthur’s go ahead to build a waterpark in the Graeme Hall watershed. According to Mr. Kerins himself, he paid some US$2 million dollars in “consulting” and other fees and met with Prime Minister Arthur, who assured Mr. Kerins that the Caribbean Splash waterpark was welcome in Barbados. (See Caribbean Splash Waterpark Developer Says Barbados Government “Cannot Back Out Of The Deal…”)
In fact…shrieking in lively joy to the heavens just might be the best definition of worship I’ll ever come up with.
But my point is the simple one of 'Why didn't I know about her?' Maybe I am alone in my ignorance but I think it is more likely that we forget too quickly the female pioneers who chip away at the glass ceiling for the rest of us. With no Ellen, no Maggie! Hmm. Perhaps this would be a good role for the next Oscar winning film? I'd cast Kate Winslet but only if she promised not to weep buckets when she won the prize - Ellen would not approve.
-M
May God give you strength.
Ripgut Brome
Tonya Watts
Remember on the Note model, there is field id, content, categoryid and category. The id is use for backend, so there is no need of textbox here, the categoryid and category will be display as selection box, where displaying category as a text, but will save the categoryid to the server.
After adding the sausage mixture to the sun-dried tomatoes and herbs, I also dumped in diced tomatoes, tomato paste, and chopped marinated artichoke hearts.
A law to end ‘libel tourism’ and protect free speech will be published today. The Defamation Bill will shake up antiquated libel laws to prevent wealthy individuals and corporations – often based abroad – using courts here to silence critics.
Prefontaine would start the month of June, and would mark a change in fortune for both Montsho and Felix as Montsho would turn the tables winning over Felix and Richards Ross – this time Montsho showing strength in a race cursed by strong headwinds down the backstretch. Monstsho would go on to win in Oslo, before getting a huge PR win in Monaco, taking over the world lead from Felix with a storming 49.71 – Mc Corory also PRing behind her at 50.29 – in her final race before Daegu.
I love cats but I have allegy to Cats. I feel really, truly sad. I can’t have cats, but I often go to “Cats Cafe” in Shimotori. It is famous for people because Kou Shibasaki, Japanese actress came in there. The spot is holy place for Fan of Kou Shibasaki or Cats lovers in Kumamoto.
MOST IMMEDIATE
Recently, my husband, the Amazing Bob, and I went to London. From Geneva, it’s an hour-long flight, followed by an eternity stuck in rush-hour traffic. Yet as our voluptuous British taxi jerked and crawled through the streets, we were dazzled. Before us stood Buckingham Palace.
Little Bird Photography
“All my life, I dreamed about such a truck,” he said. “My wife said, ‘O.K., you can buy it.’ You know, the wife makes all the decisions.”
I'm so happy and grateful to have you guys following me.Oh believe me, it's nice when your not talking to your self, well I still do that,.... but not in public lol.
There was a reason esoteric knowledge was kept secret for so long. A reason why the Church, the Mosque, the Temple were able to limit people’s knowledge for centuries. A reason why the secretive higher orders of the monotheistic religions held knowledge in thrall. Knowledge is power. And the reason why esoteric knowledge is so accessible now is indicative of the times and who you are who are seeking it. Even today, what the Seeker finds easily accessible on Internet remains inscrutable mystery to the masses.
Here is a long list, albeit short for the avid reader, of books that have sparked my interest. I’m telling you, this Nook really has me going on browsing sprees and my list of “to-read” keeps getting longer. Should I stick to the books I have in my crate first? Mmm… right now I’m too gadgety to want to feel physical pages touch my fingertips. The list reflects my books of choice so if there any similar books out there you think I’ll enjoy please do not hesitate to share.
“It’s not so much a question of faith in his abilities, it’s more a question of his sanity. He said he’s going to cast a spell to teleport me.”
12. Easy Blues (Williams).
The movie by Claude Lelouch is a bumpers eye view of an early morning race through Paris' not quite awake streets. No digital trickery the camera records the whole trip in one take blown red lights and about a million moving violations.
My Grandpa was an antique collector.
EXTERIOR: BREWOOINE -- DESERT -- DOLLARZ HOMESTEAD -- AFTERNOON.
One of my favorite things about hosting a linky party is featuring a talented and crafty blogger. I know how excited I was, the first time I was featured on a blog!
“Let me think biblically first…dating’s not ever mentioned in the Bible. Guess arranged marriages too care of that. But the advice of Prov 4:23 still applies: above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. I remember that hitting me squarely between the eyes with reference to a friend who was “just a friend” and I KNEW it could never be more…but I still had to make some hard choices to not let my heart get hurt (again!). And some of those choices meant choosing to call/spend time with women friends rather than guys, even though, like you, I was often more comfortable with guys and tended to have them as friends. So anyway, guard your heart.
“You didn’t. Bring. Any. Money,” he repeated as the realisation sank in. “No money at all?”
Mr. Harvey Kurtzman "suggested that comic books should be improved and made educational". Kurtzman was one of the very few true geniuses of the industry, creating some of the cultural high points of the medium as MAD COMICS and TWO-FISTED TALES. What's interesting is the fact that at the time of this symposium (March 19, 1948), Kurtzman was mainly freelancing at Timely, producing his Hey Look! filler and trying to find his artistic footing in the industry. How he came to be associated with this symposium is unknown to me.
Ram Brewing Company Big Horn Blonde 4.4%
So we’re back to eating like cave men. Cave men who eat curry. And cave women who wear sparkly rings.
He knows he’s in the right place when he hears the soft tick-tock of the clock tower. The steady tempo calms his pulse and soothes his nerves. It’s been so long, but the thought of her still makes his hands clammy and his knees wobble.
Does this make sense?
Whipped up dinner out of Ruth van Waerebeek's Everybody Eats Well in Belgium cookbook tonight, which I haven't opened in years. Glad I got it out! I did the Roast Pork with Mustard and Onions, because I happened to see a nice little pork loin roast at Giant, and then a bag of frozen pearl onions (I'd get fresh, but I didn't have time to peel them).
As the night wore on I suddenly felt the need to relax for a while before I head to sleep. I flipped the TV on and sat back. The channel was set on TV5 where a historical travel show hosted by Kuya ALVIN ABCEDE is airing. As the show ended, I changed the channel to GMA7 where a teaser for the movie under Viva is shown. The leading man, I came to realize, is JOSEPH RONALD NOCUM and his leading lady is former Survivor Philippines Castaway HARLENE SAN JUAN. The film was entitled “Booba Part 2: Final Answer”. The official soundtrack of the film was sung by RICHARD NICDAO, who was discovered two years ago while singing “My Way” in a karaoke bar. The song was composed by NARCI DEL ROSARIO and the title was “Ikaw Ang Joy Ng Buhay Ko”. After the movie teaser, I flipped the channel to ABS-CBN and found that my favorite sitcom was halfway to its end. The show is starred by the popular comedy trio, RALPH ROI ROMANO, EDIEMAR CRUZ and JOHN PAULO MARIANO and was entitled “Palibhasa Cute Boys”.
What a terrific year it has been! Over the past 12 months you've made great strides: You're holding steady at (or nearing) your weight goal, exercising regularly, feeling healthier than ever and actually looking forward to the 2011 holidays--because now you know you'll be able to enjoy them without losing ground. And you reached this point because you were able to adopt positive habits and behaviors.
A friend has asked me if I know more about Keats' notion of negative capability, as mentioned in my blog of the other day. Well, no, I don't know more about what he personally had to say about it.
Takoma Park residents returned to Takoma Park City Council’s public comment period to speak out against the NDAA’s indefinite detention provisions and in favor of the resolution advocated by Montgomery County Civil Rights Coalition.
3. xxxx
At this point, all the layers are cut and assembled in the following order:
I then drew up the paint into a large syringe(I am sure you could find other ways to do this if you don't have medical supplies around the house) and squirted it into the water gun.
I've done this and came across Broken Angels by Richard Morgan which I would never have picked up before. Really enjoyed it and quite enjoyed the randomness of finding a book; almost like going on a blind date. To really spice it up don't restrict yourself to a genre.
I was forwarded a list of top 100 wedding blogs on BrideTide.com – which From "I Will" to "I Do" was not on, but Brides.com's Wedded Bits was! - and started clicking around the site and I came across this fun Pac Man cupcake design.
The attackers fled with the TV and PC's only.
Whatcha looking at guys?
But Mubarak, not unlike a long list of dictators throughout the world, and his regime were corrupt. Bribery and conflicts of interest were not just common in the government, they were systemic. Political opposition was crushed by the political machine built by Mubarak and his friends in the ruling National Democratic Party (NDP). Mubarak and his friends used the Emergency Law to cling to power, a law which allowed police to imprison and torture unknown numbers of dissidents and opponents without bringing formal charges against them.
Kid #2 His mother’s not a zombie.
Here is another example…….
So many beautiful gems
Has push come to shove?
I'm set.
Shorts, Wal-Mart
Shall conquer, though they die;
150B West 10th Street
In the NYU statement, Sexton and Provost David McLaughlin announced that the two parties had “resumed discussions, left off three years ago, on a possible merger,” also described as “the joining of our two institutions.” NYU’s expansion plans were barely hinted at: “Wouldn’t this location in Brooklyn - so vibrant and so near our own location in Manhattan - be a wonderful neighborhood of which to be a part in the future?”
4532 5324 3245......
The Wee Memories challenge this week is paper piecing, which I used on my cupcake. After stamping the cupcake base, I Cuttlebug-dry-embossed it, and paper-pieced it as shown, popping up the cupcake top with dimensional foam dots.
I am still feeling rather shaken by this incident and will be taking an extended blogging break; I think I should move on now and chalk it up to experience.
I also studded the cheese with sliced garlic and rosemary sprigs before baking it because we used to serve it like that when it was on the menu at the restaurant. It’s something I saw Jamie Oliver do somewhere that makes such a difference to the flavour.
And this year, they each fall on Saturday, May 5th. At Derby Day parties throughout the country, a galling number of execrable mint juleps will be downed (and sometimes hauled back into the light of day) and inordinate amounts of tequila will be shot into (and out of) the drinking pubic. May 6th might as well be I'm Never Drinking Tequila Again Day.
RELEVANCE FOR BUYERS: there is an unusual opportunity, as noted above, for GREAT VALUE in purchasing a home. Prices are still declining, there are many listings available, and a great number of anxious sellers.
then all of a sudden looked at their phone.......
So now I have 36 hours off to experience other things.
for the New Year from all the DT
The instructions on the poly say to sand in between coats (which I skipped on the nightstands out of laziness), but this time I did as instructed, but just to the top of the dresser to make sure the finish was as smooth as possible.
St. Mark's
I can’t believe I’ve been so stupid for so long. Literally.
I seek your face in the crowd.
This was brief overview of Johnny and Associates. This is almost like a introduction post to more detailed posts that will be coming soon about Johnnys. I hope you enjoyed this and if you have any questions about Johnnys for the next “Johnnys Talk”, please email me at nihonchique@gmail.com.
Blood vengeance brings them together even as desire binds their hearts. Amongst the secrets and obscurities of their destinies, they find a love that spans a lifetime as well as an end to A Valkyrie’s Vengeance.
Me: Okay - well, let's get up and I'll make your bed all fresh!
We do not know what Zell-like is. We don’t get a very good sense of Zell, which is another problem in this query. His high school status, by this point, has been forgotten about and that makes me think you threw it in to make this YA.
- Pulled Duck Sandwich w/ Fries & Slaw
Browne stepped out 3/4 through the movie to take a phone call, and during that time Nader showed up to prepare for his Q&A alongside the filmmakers, so after the call finished they greeted each other and chatted a long time. And other banal instances called me away from the floor, threatening my chances. But finally, I had an opportunity to speak to Browne, and as briefly as I could, explained my circumstance and gave him the DVD. He was intrigued, he didn't even know the movie existed. Telling him a little more, including how Tiffany was seeing Stills during the making and that Nash's wife Susan played the kidnap victim, he seemed to recall that Susan had once mentioned being in a movie with Phyllis, but no specific detail; I in turn theorized that Susan likely didn't say much else about the film because of the ordeal she suffered during the production, and because Phyllis did not share any scenes with her or with Tiffany. Clearly for Browne, this was the equivalent of finding a shoebox full of pictures previously not known to exist. I got the impression he was thankful to receive the DVD.
“The Walk is our annual festival of pets and all they mean to us. It is the perfect way to show what HAWS is all about – the love of animals,” says event chair Nancy Mayo. “HAWS’ alumni and their families return each year to raise money for the shelter, and we are grateful to see them! Waukesha County’s biggest pet party is just one more thing that HAWS does to help animals in our community, and we invite everyone to join in the fun.”
Last time, I talked about the need to talk in our relationships and specifically, to ask your partner what they need. In my case, I got the rather vague answer of "I want to be appreciated more".
Salvation Army Commissioner William Roberts, the charity’s national commander, wrote in the report that the increasing demand shows parents across the country are facing daily questions about how to provide for their children when even social service programs have to make cuts.
As part of the “Pwnium security challenge”, Google offered to pony up an additional $1 Million in cash to anyone at the Vancouver at the CanSecWest conference who could hack its Chrome browser. This isn’t the first that Google has put out such a self-assured challenge, last year they offered a $20,000 bounty. The code has yet to be cracked. A very bold and clever PR approach to making a very strong security statement – we love it.
May 20
Rating 18
He cursed him immediately as he believed that a Brahmin cannot suffer so much physical pain. Only a kshatriya (the warrior tribe) can endure so much discomfort. Karna was obliged to disclose his identity. Parshuram was greatly annoyed because he was a sworn enemy of Kshatriyas. He therefore cursed Karna that as he had learnt through deceit, he shall forget the skill which Parshuram had taught him at the crucial juncture.
She was trying really hard, but she looked awfully awkward, and definitely not sexy.
Stranger Cole and Patsy! The names are synonymous with the founding of ska and rocksteady in Jamaica in the early 1960's. Some of my earliest memories of discovering original 60's ska are of hearing Cole belt out the lilting and anthemic 'We Are Rolling' and Patsy duet with Derrick Morgan on 'Housewifes Choice' from the raw and always sensational 'Intensified: Original Ska 1962-66' album that rarely left my turntable in college. So I was beyond excited to be part of the crowd that packed the Bell House in Brooklyn in October to witness ska history. Nearly 40 years in the making (and nearly four years of persuading, pleading, and negotiating to set this show up) it finally came to pass -- Stranger Cole and Patsy reunited! Read a great review of the show over at the Duff Guide To Ska and watch footage of the show below.
Creeps in
Yesterday is history.
They swore, if we gave them our weapons, that the wars of the tribes would
I CRAVE stability and schedule
8. Peter Baldrachi - Tomorrow Never Knows
Sometimes, as a PR professional, all it takes is a single piece of press coverage to make your day/week/year. We’re a pretty passionate bunch so a great piece of coverage can result in a whole office full of PR types whooping and cheering.
This album is my favorite of theirs, and, just like in the case of E.S.T., I’m glad it was to be the last. Going out with a bang such as this isn’t the worst fate than can befall a rock band, not by a long shot. Wavering Radiant is a culmination of a path ISIS walked proudly for almost twenty years, cutting a swath through the thicket that was the metal genre when they began. In my opinion metal is normally a question of attitude, first and foremost, and only later does it become aesthetically assured of itself, as it were. With ISIS, I suspect things were turned around from the start. Rarely have I heard a band which gives such a strong impression of intellectual awareness of their music. There’s no facade to keep, no “message” to convey, there’s just a raw feeling of pleasure towards creating music which is, simply put, mighty. In spite of their sludge-metal, drone roots, mature ISIS releases never sounded stale, never allowed themselves the indulgence of pounding a mechanical riff into the listener’s brain senselessly. It always felt like the band was making music they’d enjoy listening to, first and foremost, and that would simply refuse the luxury of being boring. Wavering Radiant is perhaps the best example of that – the grafting of desperately brutal passages (both vocal and instrumental) on spacious, luminescent stretches of sound of haunting beauty is perhaps never more accomplished than on this record. The song Ghost Key comes to mind, with it’s numerous fragments, seamlessly sewed together with the utmost confidence by the band, covering the entire range of their expression to a level only hinted at on previous releases.
I turned to my husband, before we even saw the house, and I said, Honey, make them an offer!
What is Education
forever fastened
16 WAYS TO MAKE AIRPORTS MORE FUN
There are four major aspects of the process of communication: The message, the encoding, the transmission, and the decoding. Ideally, the message is exactly the same after decoding as it is when it was encoded. but we can easily see from the message above that this is not the case.
Oh, and when I went to hang it up last night around 10pm (you know, mere moments after I blistered my thumb knuckle with the metal barrel of my glue gun), I found this not-so-welcome friend greeting me by the front door. I promptly slammed the door and kindly requested that Jason come all the way upstairs from playing a PS3 game to get it for me.
The Court of Appeal for England and Wales has just given judgment in Specsavers International Healthcare Ltd, Specsavers BV, Specsavers Optical Group Ltd and Specsavers Optical Superstores Ltd v Asda Stores Ltd [2012] EWCA Civ 24. This Kat, who said that Specsavers must have felt pretty sore about the trial decision of Mr Justice Mann (see earlier post here), is not surprised to see that the Court of Appeal -- for whom IP specialist Lord Justice Kitchin delivered the judgment -- has upheld two of its grounds of appeal and has stayed a third, pending a reference to the Court of Justice of the European Union for a preliminary ruling on the following five questions:
Whilst trying to remember the rhyme that I'd sang in school many moons ago, I asked my twitter buds how it went. There were a couple of variations, One was to catch a tiger and the other an Indian. I remember the rhyme below as the one I sang in school.
lost her baby to SIDS.
"* # Enter the R-2 Prime Cup's Master Ball division (you have to beat the first three divisions first).
Tin Soldier This one leaves me with an icky feeling before I’ve even read it. Why? When I entered to win (and I enter to win almost everything), there was no mention made that it was the second in a series. Not only that, but I failed to notice that the author was giving away a thousand copies. It’s a self-published book! True, it says it’s published by Spaulding House, but when I checked up on it, the only things I could find were by the same author using a different name. I guess I’m mostly bothered that the contest page now instructs all winners to go buy the first book and says “these are *review* copies for *reviewing!*” Um, again…don’t tell me what to do! Not only that, but it looks like she’s one of those authors that feels the need to respond to negative reviews and critique them. I kind of hope she sees this and decides not to send me the book, I don’t want to buy the first one and I really don’t want to have her attacking me on goodreads or here if I don’t like it (even if it might be fun).
I was like -- huh.
Reliable is not a word that I would use describe my recent cell phone service. I have been with the same large, well-known company for almost 10 years and have always had great realiable service and friendly customer support. Not so much lately. For the last month or so I have had sketchy service. I have more and more "lost" calls, calls that never come through but show as "missed" and voicemails that show up a day or so after I receive them. Not gonna work for me. Here's the kicker - after finally getting fed up enough with the service I try to call customer support. I spend TEN minutes trying to get through their automated system. TEN minutes just to get to a live person. I would hit a menu option and it would repeat the menu. Apparently, due to my poor reception it could not "hear" the option I chose. When I finally got a live person I hear, "I'm sorry, Ma'am. I cannot hear you. (Mind you, I don't think I had spoken a word to him yet). We are having technical issues and you will need to call back."
But really, all I want to say out loud is... I'm really proud of me for doing this... sticking with it... and keeping an open mind with some of the foods they want me to eat. It's been tough, but I have prevailed through 1/3 of the entire plan. In the famous words of Helen Reddy, "I Am Woman! Hear Me Roar!"
What worries me more is that Wooden is African-American and the message he is sending out to young people of color is dangerous! We need to support and raise up our LGBT Black brothers and sisters! Shame on you, Pastor Wooden. How long before your boy toy jumps out of the closet?
Thanks for the birthday wishes everyone! Yes, I did work on my birthday but it was made far better because when I turned the corner to my office, I had lime green streamers from floor to ceiling and multi-colored balloons all over the floor! My co-workers are awesome and I highly recommend decorating employee offices. I felt very motivated all day. Well, maybe not motivated but I felt happy and liked!
A 2010 photograph of a dozen women surrounding a newly inaugurated president might well depict the local chapter of the League of Women Voters. But these 60-somethings share more than the bonds of suffrage. They share a history of suffering and survival: they are the women whom the Brazilian military in the 1970s jailed and tortured at São Paulo’s Tiradentes prison along with their friend, comrade, and now president of the world’s sixth-largest economy, Brazil’s Dilma Rousseff.
“’Sell all that you have, give it to the poor, then come follow me.’”
I mean...I really, really, really liked him, but wow! that was pretty fast! :o)
Stupid app.
I made another couple of handbound / handmade books up in my shed this afternoon, to finish off my WOC DT project for this week..
I admire Washington, a political conservative as well as a skilled commander, as much as I despise the little Corsican upstart, who tore Europe apart in the pursuit of personal ambition. That he was trumped by Michael Collins, of all people, is a demonstration either of the skill of the historian who presented the case or the historical incomprehension of the audience.
Let us therefore not think of our movement as one that seeks to integrate the Negro into all existing values of American society. Let us be those creative dissenters who will call our beloved nation to a higher destiny, to a new vision of compassion, to a more noble expression of humaneness”
The recipe we used last night was a far cry from exact but I am planning to redo it this evening and will post an official Zucchini Pancake recipe tomorrow!
Ministry of Health is responsible for funding the organisation but it has been reported that it has not yet released the funds to the organisation.
I have been away from the computer, my computer is broken, my husbands laptop (what I am typing on) is available at night. I kept thinking the break from the Internet would be good, maybe I wouldn't dwell so much. but....when my daughter is dead...there is no control, I dwell, how do I not. She is my breath and my heart and I miss her with all I am. I came back and started reading some blogs last night and I felt immediately comforted and simultaneously sad. I cry for others because there are so few I connect with who truly understand the anguish that we feel as baby loss parents. Thank you to all of those who sent me emails and sent me love. I can't tell you how much I appreciate it.
Sistahs, the world has heard our call. We are here, ready, armed and dangerous in a four inch heel.
Endorsement carries great weight. I'll come clean and say that section 6 of the skit above is PERIL's weakest link. If I could evidence written endorsements from successful authors in different geographic markets - quirky, award winning, best selling US and UK authors - then my ebook would ride upon their wave.
Christmas day was so exciting for McGuire, Santa found our house after all them moving we had just done. We were so excited! McGuire had no idea that there were gifts under our tree, he just wanted his lights on. When we pointed out that there were some surprises there for him he was so thrilled! We let him open up the biggest one first (big mistake) it was a potty! He wanted to go potty they rest of the morning and open his presents that way. Lol my mom got a picture of us with him on it. He wouldn't get up from it. But all in all he had a great Christmas!
“Writing- writing is writing to me. What else could have been the best answer to this particular question?”
To finish the card, I cut out windows using Nesties Label 4 in red cardstock and brown woodgrain cardstock, then layered them. I tied some twine around them and added the sentiment. Then I put foam tape on the back and popped it up on the card base.
You could do an entire blog on street art in Paris (for all I know someone has) and once you start looking for it, it seems to be everywhere. Here are a few favorites that popped out at me during my recent forays around town.
Poe’s story is, of course, ‘The Black Cat’, which was first published in 1843 in an edition of The Saturday Evening Post. As its Wikipedia entry rightly suggests, it is “a study of the psychology of guilt” in which “a murderer carefully conceals his crime and believes himself unassailable, but eventually breaks down and reveals himself, impelled by a nagging reminder of his guilt.” Because the narrator is unreliable, we cannot be certain whether the cat that returns is truly the cat he killed (Pluto) or whether it is simply another cat (which is really the more logical explanation). Whatever supernatural aspects the cat seems to possess are entirely attributed by the unhinged narrator, and yet the reader’s own awareness of the superstitions surrounding cats fuels their slight sliver of doubt and induces terror.
Ever cheer at the end of a movie? Every hug a book you just finished reading? Ever write an author to say, “This book changed me/my life?”
And so it’s farewell to the gritty mean streets of Oberkanmpf. Au revoir the Polish clochards who used to camp out with their flagons of rosé on the Boulevard Richard Lenoir. Bye bye to the Canal St Martin and the clutch of cosy cafes that line it. Auf wiedersehn to the wonderful collection of commercants that lined our former street, rue Oberkampf, and who kept us in cheese, meat, chocolates, baguette and croissant for the past four years. And it’s hello to the Louvre, pavements lined with tourists, the market street of rue Montorgueil, Palais Royal and Les Tuileries.
So that was our trip to Vienna. Mostly.
Aarti: YES. I like how you say that Polk’s chapter should have been titled “Chapter on the Mexican War” because really, I think the ENTIRE SECOND HALF OF THIS BOOK was about the Mexican War much more than it was about the people. I’m sure it is interesting to military buffs, but as both of us read this book under the expectation that it was going to be about the people who drove westward expansion, the whole military detail part
A sea of blue and headlamp flash. Along the country lanes we dash.
I’ll admit that if taking in just the field of Best Picture nominees, Gladiator takes it hands down. However, to this day, I can’t understand how Almost Famous didn’t get nominated. It won for Best Original Screenplay, and had 2 acting nominations in the same category. Almost Famous is one of my favorite movies of the past 10 years, as I discussed in more detail on my January 2010 post where I talked about my favorite movies from that decade.
Why, you ask? Because my children wear the rattiest, most mismatched shit to sleep in you have ever laid eyes on. Comfy? Absolutely. Presentable to wear in public? Hell to the no! I have 3 girls, so pajamas are handed down and worn completely thread bare. Even MY pajamas are pathetic looking. Because nobody is actually supposed to see them. And I am horrified by the thought of my sweet angels being judged by their attire, and talked about in hushed tones by all the kiddos who probably have brand spanking new pj’s on tomorrow. Call me vain. Whatever. Kids are cruel. I know it, and so do you.
I have no ground as everywhere is paved, so apart from a 30 square foot raised brick bed I had made on a concrete slab, everything else I have to grow in pots. And I move the pots around if I think the plants will be happier with more / less shade, cover, etc. I painted the concrete floor, walls and planter box with a special white paint that reflects the heat – it is manufactured in Ipoh and they deliver. This means I can walk on the floor and not burn my feet, the plants are cooler, and the house is cooler.
“Oh….I didn’t did I?” Laughing, Bob shook his head. He thought Emily was a little bossy, seeming to want things always to go her way. Running his hand through his balding hair, Bob walked back over to the fridge and got out some chocolate syrup, squirting it in Emily’s cup. “How’s that?”
yay for Daddy Love:)))
To change who I used to be
The first was an outright cheat. She caught him in their bed at home with another woman. There's no explaining that away.
Here is the supply list for this tag:
The agency's executive director, retired senior public servant Phil Charko, is being paid about $150,000 a year to work part time. Now, all in, this isn't much more than chump change. One hopes that the culture of waste and reward described isn't more widespread. But it's another example of a Canadian government not very good at fiscal planning, atop its reputation for fiscal non-disclosure.
always trying different styles and techniques so you never know what I
Though the brewkit was puffing away merrily, only one house beer was available: John Edwin Bitter. It's a clear orange-amber colour with a sharp and waxy bitterness at the front plus some of the grainy flavour I've come to associate with brewpub lager on the tail. It's decent as it goes, but not a great example of small-scale brewing. Not to someone who's just come from The Kernel, anyway.
The top military commanders also discussed what in a Pentagon report on the conference was alluded to as Pacific perspectives.
Just email me at pangeran@pangeran.org or use the contact form.
Muhammad, who is competing for a spot on the U.S. Olympic team, said she believes a person’s faith or race does not dictate her future.
Have you all heard of Pinterest? It is a place to collect and 'pin' all of your favorite photos, articles, recipes and more. Visit my boards here and check out the 'Loaf of Pug' LOL! People are so crazy and creative. XD Each photo you pin can be clicked on to be taken to the original source.
Sitting on the sidewalk,
something to be whacked at
Alice set off looking around her as she went, but she couldn’t locate the origin of the sound that was beginning to distress her more and more. Throwing back her hood and feeling the muggy, frozen forest air wash over her face, she stopped walking and listened intently. The sound had stopped. Whatever it was appeared to be waiting for her to make her next move.
We walked in the sunshine to our hotel - we were staying in a self-contained flat with kitchen and bathroom (Cosy's), which was a brilliant idea. Even though we never actually used the kitchen facilities, it was lovely to have a proper fridge for once, and the option of cooking, if we'd been so inclined. For longer trips, I can see it being a godsend - there's only so much cheese-on-things you can eat... The hotel was a little bit outside the centre of town, towards the castle and the zoo, and it was in a lovely leafy avenue near a university. We will be going back, I'm sure.
Anyways, pretending you already have that rosey floral or bat winged ensemble of your choice I highly suggest a valance or 'bed skirt'. In this lolita rundown of your bed fabrics consider it the petticoat, as in lots of frills, no so much as in 'it holds everything up'. Unessecary frills to hide unsightly bed springs? Oh that's gotta be in a lolita room ;D Decorative pillows is probably my best suggestion. You can buy these for $10-$50 and they come in all shapes, sizes colours etc. Best thing yet they are pure decoration. Go cheap and get the scratchy ones, you're not actually sleeping with them, it's just to make it look pretty. Decorative pillows on a bed can look truly cute and...well like a centre piece for your bedspread, buy a few and mix and match every now and again. Better yet pillows are an inexpensive, and without a doubt the easiest, sewing project you may ever embark on. Get creative! Apply an AP felt logo, string some pearls around the edges or tea dye it to match a classic champagne rose colour.
The memory research and the vast amounts of data collected led the researchers toward more than a little skill in being able to set and erase long-term memories, and thus shape the personality of this new collective organism.
We skipped spring and went right into summer here! The last three/four days have been in the 90's and of course that is when my air in my house decides not to work...three days without air makes for very little motivation/production from me, and LONG nights with little sleep.
Working On: Being most celebrated painting in the world
The guards answered, “Never before has anyone spoken like this one.”
It was a straight up trade; I just didn’t let the manager know that old chess set was a swiped item from twenty-five years ago. No! No, I didn’t swipe it. I traded for it about ten, eleven years ago for a pocket knife. I got a paid pass to a High School Fund raiser concert in Beau Mount, as part of poker pot. I didn’t want to go to the concert, so I traded the pass for the knife and then the knife for the chess set.
My interests trended toward Legos, GI Joe, computer games, and airplanes and not so much to princesses, Disney movies, ballet, and ponies. So, it made sense that God, sensing my aptitude for being a boys’ mom, would give me sons.
Begin today and take it to a higher vibration, my friend. As you create a means to higher vibrations your life will take an amazing change. Solutions will come easier, calm will overtake your experiences, and an easy steady flow begins.
3. Another centred around a deserted hotel, and would have seen weird, spindly-legged alien creatures like centaurs, with singsong voices, freezing Earth in time for a bizarre carnival procession.
What do you think of Nokia’s decline? Do you still own a Nokia? Are they Finnish-ed? Let us know in the comments below.
utterly despoil her. Oh Christ, as Thou didst groan concerning Judas, so
Download DJ DNS
New material includes a new stakeholder mapping section explaining the respective roles of the many international organisations that are active in the enforcement of intellectual property rights such as WIPO, WCO, WHO, OLAF, EUROPOL, and INTERPOL as well as a new chapter on organized crime in light of its increasing occurrence within counterfeiting networks".This work is priced at £225. However, OUP is offering a 20% discount to readers of the jiplp weblog as well as to those attending the forthcoming JIPLP seminar on Fakes in Transit (details here). To avail yourself of the 20% discount, quote promotion code ALSCHN11 if ordering directly by phone to +44 (0) 1536 452640 or via the book's web page at http://ukcatalogue.oup.com/product/9780199692934.do
In a homebirth, my baby has the greatest chance of a normal, physiological birth. This is his/her birthright. I will fight tooth and nail for that.
I asked French if he ever met Bruce Fish Senior? He said that "he had once or twice, when I was a kid". This is more or less what French related to me:
~ arranging ticket-takers and CD sellers
Albert Brooks, Drive
But show me where in the Bible it says that a person can't have A DRINK? and where it says that if you DO have a drink--you suddenly can't pray or "be" a Christian?
EBBGF Blog (ebbgfblog.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
Logo Designs
GIVE-AWAY coming SOOOOOON! - stay posted!!!!!
Top 10 MBAs—but they will regardless be incredibly impressed with your fluency in Spanish upon graduation. IESE requires all students to be business proficient in Spanish before leaving Barcelona, and employers will certainly value that prime asset alongside your rigorous exposure to the case method.
Soon
Dear Grace,
Tonight's the big night! Kathleen is so excited about the Kindergarten ball!! Dances have been practiced, preparations done all we need is our best dresses, suits, cameras and our smiles! I am so looking forward to this magical night with Kathleen. It was only a few short years ago I had the opportunity to go with Hayley. My time surely does fly by!
I write to bring this history alive -- if for no one else, then for me.
I have heard a number of women confess that they have stayed with their husbands, who were cheating on them for years, not because they loved them, or believed they would ever change, but because they feared being alone, especially economically.
We also had 2 people come along to help out at gigs (Andy & Mick I think). We used to rehearse at a church hall in Rainham. We managed to do a few gigs here and there and got a couple of support slots at the Electric Stadium (now closed) in Chadwell Heath. We did the obligatory 4 track demo at a studio in Collier Row (I think). It all gradually fell apart although I'm not entirely sure why. I think Pete wanted to move on and I seem to remember it just went downhill from there. It was also around then that I started to lose the plot a bit and began disappearing into a haze of vodka and valium so I probably wasn't particularly easy to deal with at the time. The band must have actually been wound up as I eventually got a cheque for £35.00 after it had all finished. I did however resist the urge to move to Jersey.
Dare Macintosh is a professional mercenary and is on a mission to find his best friends sister who has been taken. Dare accomplishes his mission but is now strapped with another complication. He picks up Molly who was there with Alani but Molly did not fit the right image to human trafficking. Dare knew she would not survive so he took her as it was the right thing to do. But Dare has questions and only this woman would be able to tell him.
"GREAT NEWS: PET scan shows no sign of spread of cancer to other parts of body! PRAISE GOD!!! Much love, Donna."
In the midst of this, there was a sudden death of a student at his school. Suicide, on school grounds during the school day. The school, a tight community, has been rocked. My partner, already depleted by our childcare center situation, has been shaken to the core. They’ve had grief counselors on site, debriefings for the staff, and extra support for the kids during school vacation week. And the funeral is tomorrow.
nail place & paycheck loan store
The Rankin Home 219 E. Ridge
Saturday was the longest twenty -four hours in history.
BUT, if you do happen to see a military spouse today, say "thank you." Our lives aren't easy. As a matter of fact, if you were to see me on the street and buy me a drink, I wouldn't turn it away :)
To the members of the Bhotke Young Men’s Society, Shushan Cats was no criminal. The criminal statutes held no validity for those to whom the law meant only authorized starvation, torture, death. Everything done to the Jews of Europe … everything done to these had been absolutely legal, sanctioned by legitimate courts whose judges sat in black robes and vetted each and every decree as binding, fair, in the public interest, legal. Under these circumstances, that Shushan Cats was a Jewish gangster not only could not be held against him, but was a matter for celebration. (pg 219) The novel is on the one had a mildly absurd and very funny crime novel. Kestin revels in the tropes of the crime novel, and virtually every chapter ends on a cliff-hanger, each one more ridiculous than the last. There are times when the tough-guy patter and dialogue is so hard-boiled as to recall the best of Raymond Chandler, although Kestin does invest his style with directness that can be as disconcerting as it is hilarious: “I thought: Let’s take this bullshit one turd at a time.” (pg 127)
I was in full panic mode.
Grace, compassion, kindness I beg for these daily, I guess the least I can do is pass it on to others.
I think I’ll keep my dream about Karla a secret. This is the third time I’ve had a sex dream about her. I hope there are more.
After I went through and purged a lot of clothes, I realized... I don't have anything left! So, I need to make a shopping trip soon. I just seem to wear the same clothes all the time. So I never get to everything and it just hangs in the closet, collecting dust. If I didn't wear it in the last 3 months, it was purged.
An Post – Sean Kelly – Irish Team
7. With A Girl Like You
which is right now) :( I am going to be so starving by 3:30. Why in the world would they schedule it that late in the day??????? Ugh I just want to get this over with. My rant is done now... Just had to get that out. Depending on how I am feeling, I will try to get a post up by Sunday or Monday. Talk to you all in a few days.
1. What was your all-time favorite movie?
Act 1: Nar Shaddaa – World Pvp – Republic Level 20-24 – Empire Level 20-24
That wasn't a one off either. He started talking about himself in the same way.
I also added the knitting pattern for the mini Christmas stockings to my sidebar on both blogs in case anyone is interested in making a few to donate.
No, actually, who am I kidding? I’d be in there, and worry about the rest tomorrow – it’s too good to sit out.
16 ounces Cool-Whip
thank you maria!
This is a sweepstake, not a photography contest; the artistic quality of your entry will not affect your chances of winning, though we'll post a gallery of some of our favorites. You can enter multiple times but Never Center only consider the most recent entry from each person. (Multiple submissions will have no effect on your odds of winning.) Must be a U.S. citizen 18 or older to enter
"Loaded Gun" - 2:51
I am going to miss the kids SO much. Sweet Pea says she will miss me too, but she's very accepting of what's going on. The Bug was initially just saying, "no." when I would talk to her about me going away for a few days, but now she seems to understand somewhat and said to Slipshod last night, in a nearly-crying voice, "I wanna stay with you, Daddy, when Mommy goes bye bye." He assured her that he and Sweet Pea will both be here with her, and I assured her that I would be coming back after I'm done with the conference. She sniffled, "okay..."
The only way that a movie like The Big Bus could have made it, in fact, was if it were incredibly good at what it did and made itself better than that which it spoofs.
Anticipating a busy-ish weekend, so BTO (Boast, Toast, Oath.. not to be confused with Bachman Turner Overdrive) will be a few days early this month! Go me!
NOTE: This is limited to the first 20,000 cards a day so if you missed out today just make your card, save it, and try again tomorrow. Don’t forget to see my post for another FREE card from treat.com.
The rain dance hasn’t worked so far, still no rain. So, I dumped the end of a bag of potato chips out on my balcony for the birds, that usually brings the rain.
Whilst all the other political parties regularly put their own party political interests before those of the nation and the British people, we alone represent the interests of the entire British nation. Ours is a party of national and cultural unity, not of class division or racial division. Where there is division, we will work to bring unity.
I’m grateful.
Look, as I’ve said, Albert Pujols is great. At some point, he will likely come out of this “funk” and begin to “earn his hefty keep.” I’m sure the Angel’s intention was to get the best of his home run ball for the next few seasons, and he certainly can hit ‘em! It seemed a worthy investment; a bold move for a team and an owner whohas been close to contention each of the past few seasons.
I’m healed, I’m free, I’m done with Martin. Yeah, right.
The "Taxpayers Alliance" is nothing more than the otherwise unemployable dregs of the ruling class. We do not need them any more than the Tories did (and indeed a lot less!)
Finally, stir in tomato paste, marinara and wine. Cover, lower heat and simmer for about 20 minutes.
2) Documentary/Dramas are Scary, Too!
Jeff Anderson (Randal) is pompous and bombastic, being more than a little intense in his search for a laugh.
santogold- "lights out"
We got to the hospital around 10. Usually when we take W.B. to the ER he goes to the head of the line because it's something more than a garden variety asthma attack, but in this case, they quickly determined that it wasn't life-threatening so we got to enjoy the company of all the other Dentonites who were visiting the ER on a Saturday night.
~6~
So it’s clear that you have an ice cream addiction when you have a bucket list item to eat ice cream from the Dole Pineapple Plantation, not actually visit the Dole Pineapple Plantation. While I really enjoyed the ice cream, the visit was a lot more fun.
written in a time before computers and mobile phones!!!!
Although the Israeli Supreme Court’s ruling disappointed me, I felt great admiration for their self-restraint and their ability to put their sworn duty above their deep personal feelings. It was an act of tremendous moral courage. It was an example of precisely the moral courage that the Nazis lacked, and that allowed them to perpetrate such a terrible holocaust against millions of Jews, Slavs, Rom, communists, moral objectors, homosexuals, and Catholics.
10. There are also rules on work at home, travel time, on call time, direct deposit, and others.
That’s the funniest color scheme I’ve ever seen!
I'd desperately like to believe that human consciousness isn't some sort of genetic fluke. That our ability to create music, to create art, to create language, to create love and selflessness, isn't just the product of synapses in our brain that override the animalian urges to procreate, feed, and resist death.
1/4t five spice
A dear friend of mine, Jamie, kindly gave us a voucher for the photography session with Hsu-Yin, as a present. (Many thanks, Jamie!). It was such a thoughtful and special present, to capture these precious moments with our first son Alexander, who is already almost 7 months old. My goodness the time does fly. Hsu-Yin contacted me with an idea for the photography session, to do the photos in our home and neighbourhood, as kind of "a day in the life of" style, rather than a sit-down, posed, sort of style. I really loved the idea and so we organised the date for the session.
Boulevard Brewing Co. Tank 7 Farmhouse Ale
My wife asks why I read such a potentially depressing book. Granted, I do get enjoyment from the action and adventure but I also do it in order to appreciate my own life. Viewing my own relationships through the broken glass of Jonah’s life, I appreciate what I have, but I am also inspired to work to make mine better. So much of Jonah’s life has been spent turning his back on his pain and those who abandoned him that it spurs me on to take action, to make the phone call, to reach out, to connect with my family so that there will never be
...The scheme carried out by the company defrauded government agencies and private developers of about $19 million, much of it tax money, Ms. Lynch said at a news conference. She was joined by officials from several other agencies to announce a deferred-prosecution agreement.
I am making the changes. I am healing. I am living.
Note that this is a beta release and the spreadsheet has had only limited testing. As always, if results are to be used for other than evaluation purposes it is essential that they are verified using an independent analysis.
Ready to take your standard card to a whole new level? Learn how to incorporate specialty folds, shadow boxes, pop-ups and other fun interactive elements into your greetings! Join long-time instructor Julie Ebersole for Fold It, Pop It, Flip It, Zip It! and learn more than a dozen different ways to add an extra element of fun and surprise to your card designs!
Our families of origin, the ones who raised us up or came along for us to raise, are the ones who have roots entwined within our hearts. This week I connected with each of them in some way – talked via Skype, mailed a birthday card, paid bills for some, listened some, and got some good things back. At times we get stuck in a tangle of emotions, shared history and role-playing, but ultimately we love each other fiercely. During a recent family crisis I took charge (as the oldest daughter usually does), but everyone came together to share their strengths and gifts. I’m so proud of how we each worked through our personal expressions of fear and loss to bond together with humor, compassion, and support. Compared to those TV families, we may look unpolished, but each is a family jewel.
tobacco and shampoo
to give voice to
The horizontal tube extends completely through the box between two of the vertical tubes. The slanted tube rests on one of the protruding sections of the horizontal tube and empties into a smaller sensory table.
The notice that exam is not on the 3rd was posted exactly one week ago in the department – the fact that you do not know is YOUR FAULT ! You need to be responsible about coming to the Department and checking for yourself !!!
Remember to follow the B theme,
*C/Stock - Stampin' Up!
1971 THE SEDUCTION OF INGA (dir: Joe Sarno) (re-edited and dubbed US version)
I wake in the middle of the night to the yowling. If you’ve ever heard a cat in heat, you have the beginnings of knowing this sound. Remember that sound, the one of the cat in heat. Now imagine it is plaintive instead of urgent, sad instead of excited, emerging from the soul of the cat, instead of its sex. Now you know the sound of “yowling” and how it can wake you in the middle of the night, full of fright. I call to my cat. Make the clicking sounds with my tongue against the soft palate to gain her attention then call her name. “here, Sally Brown.” I hear the pitter pat and click-clack of paws and claws against the linoleum floor. There is a pause as the sound reaches the edge of my bed, and then I feel the tell-tale landing on the mattress besides my head. I reach out for her, to stroke her, to calm her night terrors, but my hand doesn’t meet her warm soft fur. It passes through a freezing cold bubble and my body becomes paralyzed. She is not there. She died, a few days ago and now that I’ve buried her, she only comes out at night. I feel her climb up onto my chest like she used to and lay down, her whiskers barely touching my face and remember, cats can steal your breath. If that is the case, Can a ghost cat steal your soul?
his followers, becoming free of grid-locked freeways,
* “H” is never pronounced.
Rating: 1/5 One egotistical Hockey Player plus One small town Irish Lass equals One bored reader…
‘We need to know what the …….
Oooooh it's Tuesday again and time for TLT! Totally Ladybug Tuesday!
It was inspiring to be there.
What do you do for fun?
I know it’s important to provide Heavenly Father’s children with healthy bodies and safe homes, but that must be only the beginning of being a mother.
adorkableness
Yes, he is righteous and worthy, but it’s Christ’s righteousness and worthiness that makes him so (“I will cry unto thee, my God, the rock of my righteousness”). Here Nephi is reminding us that even those of us who have chosen to walk with God, have dedicated our lives to Him and have even made enormous sacrifices to do so, need Him desperately. How beautiful that even after a lifetime of service and spectacular manifestations from heaven, Nephi is STILL struggling, STILL weak, STILL sinful, STILL angry.
‘Respondent Dennis Rodman is broke and cannot afford any additional fees,’ Mr Willis writes in filings on his behalf, adding that he is ‘extremely sick’.
On the 3rd day the salt and mangoes will release water and the mangoes will be soaking in the spicy solution.
although it feels like winter as of lately here in NM
These are the wounds of a bare hearts milieu
The look of the book is intriging in itself and I like the design of it. While I enjoyed reading this book, I was amazed how it kept me interested. I wanted to keep reading rather than put the book down. If you like a good fiction book, I suggest all pre-teens and early-teens finding the time for reading this book.
There was much voice-over pseudo-philosophising from his TV wife about how life can be changed in an instant.
Avnet Technology Solutions has expanded its SolutionsPath methodology in conjunction with innovative partner programme aimed at extending technology expertise to support their channel ecosystem of partners. The first part of this programme was the launch of Avnet StoragePath University which was held in Singapore in February.
Okay, so where was I? Right. I've been busy. REALLY busy. I started work on Charles Dexter Ward earlier this year then midway through took a break to draw A Princess of Mars (that's right, I took a break from working on a graphic novel to work on a graphic novel - in my world it makes sense there's just less holidays) and now I'm back again on Charles Dexter Ward finishing that book off before Christmas and starting something new. It's been busy. And I've only had one book out this year (technically three books if you count The Lovecraft Anthology Vol.1 and Blankslate's Nelson). Last year I had two! But before you think for even one second I've been slacking off- STOP! I have THREE GRAPHIC NOVELS out next year, AND a mini-series (can't say anything about that just yet) and a 10-12 part weekly at some point in among all that.
MONOCHROMATIC
Both Santana and police responding to the call he made arrived at Campana's home. Unfortunately for Santana, he matched the description he'd given to the police of Berrios: Hispanic male, medium build, shaved head. The police approached Santana, who struggled with them. The revolver fell from his pants, hitting the cement and discharging a bullet into Police Officer Rodney Lewis's chest.
(11) I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd gives His life for the sheep. (12) But a hireling, he who is not the shepherd, one who does not own the sheep, sees the wolf coming and leaves the sheep and flees; and the wolf catches the sheep and scatters them. (13) The hireling flees because he is a hireling and does not care about the sheep.
Who in their right mind would sit through a play about a woman dying of cancer? Sounds like an awful night out. But it isn't! When WIT opened off-Broadway in 1999, there was talk of moving it to a Broadway house. But the bean counters decided that nobody would go. It went on to win the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and there have been countless regional productions.
Left ourselves to begin anew
If only there were a vast existing literature, much of it not making reference to God at all, about what rationality and cognitive obligation and function and malfunction might mean! If only this vast literature were available in any decent university library, easily accessible by anyone in the Philosophy profession!
I can't show all of what I've been doing, but here are little snippets:
Steaming
I envy the air,
Dyke was far more diplomatic in his post-match autopsy. He reminded us that Bishopstoke did contest last season in the Southampton Premier Division, which is one level higher than us - albeit that their season culminated in a last place finish. It's not entirely clear why they haven't been relegated, although that was besides the point. Next Saturday's pre-season fixture has been cancelled, which may well be a blessing in disguise - although before that we have a game with Hedge-End Rangers Reserves on Wednesday evening.
It is near impossible to establish a forensic ballistic identification with bullets fired from these homemade devices.
On that whole messy note, this cleaned up so easy with water and then for the stubborn spots I used ScraPerfect The Best Cleaner Ever.
This glamorous set is composed by a necklace and a bracelet. Two long strings of stone and metal beads that sensually wrap the neck and the wrist; the necklace string’s ends softly fall from the left shoulder to the breast and the back.
Some reasons why you might be constipated:
Falling Rock - Though the competition has increased significantly in recent years, Falling Rock is still probably Colorado best beer bar. I've had mixed experiences with their food, their pricing is not posted anywhere and seems to vary every time I go, and their service typically leaves something to be desired. But Chris Black has built the best beer selection in the state and its not even close. They are the place that got the first Pliny the Younger keg when Russian River started distributing beer in Colorado. They are the place that has half the Fantome Saison collection just sitting in a fridge waiting for you. They actually have Isabelle Proximus listed on their beer menu. And Falling Rock during the GABF? Forget about it. They park a refrigerated semi out front because they can't fit all the specialty kegs inside.
So when we’re trying to figure out, “Is it safe for me to take a little walk tonight?” we end up flashing on a pile of maggot-covered bodies, courtesy of CSI. Bodies of people murdered by strangers. Result? ”Maybe I’ll just stay in.”
Life has it ups and downs. Just like a rollercoaster. Everyday can bring new challenges, new peaks and new valleys. We stand in line to start our day, just like we stand in line to ride a rollercoaster. When the day is over we end up, pretty much in the same place we started, just like when we get off a rollercoaster. What is crazy is a lot of us face our days like riding a roller coaster in reverse.
As reality bites will we turn away from Snake Oil salesmen like Jeremy Rifkin? Probably not — we all love a good story even if it's not true, us gullible human beings! The fate of the educators is easier to foresee — those who can teach you what you need to know will be fed and those who are peddling a scam will starve.
Brewery Location: Santa Rosa, CA
~ the interplay of “magic” and “religion” as well as “science”
Eric Holder relied on wildly inaccurate and biased news reports, and then went out and made several wildly inaccurate and biased statements to the press.
It was about 9:15-30am and the pushing started. For some reason I was most unprepared for this part of labor. We’d done lots of preparation and I didn’t remember a lot being said about pushing, it seemed like it was an easy natural thing. Unfortunately with your first labor, lying on your back, unprepared, and without an epidural, pushing isn’t easy!
Repressed Anger
Fount adornment, or darkside adornment, as conflicting to 'light,' evokes images of the macabre and the preternatural: vampires, the deceased and undead, intoxicant, opprobrious magic and the actress subject. As such, artisans cunning items that would cite to a person's dispiriting or gothic view. There is an quantity of emerce websites and specialty stores whose intensity is on jewellery and the darkside. In these places, a individual give be healthy to hit face adornment much as pentacle pendants, typeface marking necklaces, spider-and-web piercings, and statesman.
The tin "I"... for our eldest. In fact each member of our family is represented in our kitchen. The old zinc/tin "I".... you guessed it. Cardboard again. And not just any cardboard.... its from a pizza box. How apropos for a teenager!!
I may be the last person in Texas to find this out, but apparently kids are no longer being taught cursive in school!
So, back then the Sunday School picnic was exciting and added novelty and pleasure to the summer. It was one of the most important events of the season for us.
Francis Collins is an American physician-geneticist, noted for his discoveries of disease genes and his leadership of the Human Genome Project. When being asked what he finds “to be the most compelling evidence that there is, in fact, a Supreme Being,” he says, “First of all, we have this very solid conclusion that the universe had an origin, the Big Bang. Fifteen billion years ago, the universe began with an unimaginably bright flash of energy from an infinitesimally small point. That implies that before that, there was nothing. I can’t imagine how nature, in this case the universe, could have created itself. And the very fact that the universe had a beginning implies that someone was able to begin it. And it seems to me that had to be outside of nature. And that sounds like God.
and I am dainbread.
Those lives seem cookie-cutter on paper, but they're executed with such honesty, astuteness, and charm throughout the film. Yes, Jules and Nic are lesbians, but the film doesn't seek to define them as just that; they're family isn't this wacky, unconventional family unit that drinks wine and dances around to "We Are Family". And thank God Cholodanko and her crew didn't turn this into another Sundance-lite fair a la Sunshine Cleaning or Little Miss Sunshine. This film doesn't play for cute and call it good; it doesn't play for alternative and think that is enough; and the filmmakers (Cholodanko being a lesbian herself) certainly don't use the film as a platform of any kind. And why should they? What would be the point? I don't see it the way some film critics do that The Kids Are Alright is designed to make the masses feel more comfortable about Pop 8. That's a lousy way to look at a film that isn't trying to be anything more than a well-observed family dramedy.
The weather was gorgeous except mid-day, during the party, it was VERY hot.
Bay Street Emeryville – Emeryville, CA
P and I have always felt that mealtime is family time. Eating meals together as a family is important to us and always has been. We tried many things to try and resolve this issue. We all played musical chairs around the table, trying to find an arrangement that worked for C, but with only the four of us (and the discovery that H's chewing bothered C, too) and the table only being so big, nothing really worked. We tried playing music in the background at dinner to try and mask all the chewing noises, and that worked up to a point, but C needed the music to be so loud that the rest of us really couldn't carry on conversations around the table. Mealtime became a silent, angry, resentful time in our family.
The image I used is from Lili of the Valley and was very quick to colour in with my Promarkers. I die cut it and layered it onto some kraft. The gingham paper is by Pink Petticoat and I found it printed already in my scraps box. The sentiment is also by Pink Petticoat. I added a ribbon from my stash and a vintage button and lots of flowers from my stash. I finished with some pearl pins and some stick on pearls.
“I took a quick look at the report,” Seth said. “There was no mention of cameras in the vehicle.”
My mind got stuck on the idea of how much I wanted to see him in that T-shirt and then out of it. I started to worry that I was going to blurt it out by accident, so I kept my mouth firmly shut. I must have looked like a right stuck-up twat. Didn’t seem to bother Ollie, though.
Do you trust what you’re eating?
its pockets. They're yours.
Today I am highlighting the work of Christine Mingus. Check out her project entitled Playing With Patterns. You'll find kindergarten resources for at least 10 different station activities, all complete with downloads.
Stanhope and Schroders were among the objectors to the scheme being given planning permission. Their evidence to the planning inspector stated that the arena was not economically viable, and that the scheme did not contain enough affordable housing.
God’s love is abundant for this
Other recommendations include the saganaki, the golabki (cabbage leaf stuffed with rice, veal and vegetables – above), lamb croquettes and the Russian style chicken stroganoff. But the winner of all of this is the Blintzes. They’re absolute heaven on a fork, with smoked salmon, sour cream and fresh herbs ($16)
The blame game continues in Europe over who is responsible for the high-level split over a new EU fiscal agreement. UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage believes it is time for the British to decide whether they want to stay in the EU.
I met Minister Menicucci during her recent visit to Washington for a meeting of the Inter-American Commission of Women at the Organization of American States (OAS). That same week, the U.S. Congress had taken up reauthorization of the 1994 Violence Against Women Act, a law once supported by bipartisan majorities but that today’s GOP leadership is angling to defund.
<U+FF65>GALAPAGOS 005SH
Simple.
What do you think? Would you like Yapta to be your personal travel assistant / robot butler?
Class time.
I know I need to continue with my PD trip post. Hopefully I will get to do that sometime next week. Esok dah busy kena teman hubs for his medical checkup in the morning. Then tengahari nak ke Klang for husband punye boss punya anak punya wedding. Hahhh, amik kau! Hehe. And kalau sempat, we really want to watch 'The Avengers' this weekend at the cinema. The last time I went to the cinema was in July 2009. Kalau tak silap I la. Gila lama weyhhhh. Must keep myself up-to-date with the surroundings haha.
I had tea in silence and let my mind wander.
To demonstrate my thanks and willingness to ally myself with you, as a token of my friendship, I have sent one wagon of goods with this messenger. You may keep both the wagon and the messenger. I have included much of the armor and weaponry damaged in the battle, as I would lose face for trying to sell goods with such obvious cosmetic blemishes to the Dragon, the local smiths would rob me blind for repairs, and by the time I purchase new oxen and hire new guards and drivers, it would be unprofitable to ship them anywhere else… but the equipment is still in good working order and I hope it will prove useful to your order.
Please note that CCA and American Traffic Solutions, who does our red light camera’s and has no employee’s in broward county or the state of Florida, use the same lobbyist? Please note the lobbyist are suing us since we canceled the contract. This is odd since they filed against the city without even requesting that we provide services.
Mr Robinson said he was “pretending to be stupid” and claimed “any reasonable person would have known the passports were for the provisional IRA”.
This was quite possibly the most disgusting thing I'd ever seen. Our carpets were supposedly 'professionally shampooed' after the last tenants, but I don't see how it was a possibility. The water came up a dark brown. It was so nasty, we shampooed them until the water came up clear in the rinse.
1T soy sauce, 1t sugar, 1t chopped garlic, 1t sesame oil
Agatha smiles slightly, but is mostly a bit overwhelmed by all of it.
Level 29: MP Cost: 60, Duration: 870 seconds, All Stats: +15%.
I also bought some high-end Feather razor blades. I did some reading online and figured out how to use it. I quickly found that the old-fashioned way, although wonderfully romantic and quirky, definitely had its drawbacks. Not too many knicks in the learning curve, but it took a LOT longer to shave. And to do it right, I couldn’t shave in the shower anymore. I had to do it in front of the mirror, fogged as it may be, so I could concentrate on my technique.
After a few very long hours another call. More bad news - the fluid was almost pure pus, probably from an abscess somewhere in his abdomen that had ruptured. Most likely this had happened yesterday and the fever was a result of the bacteria infiltrating the blood stream causing sepsticemia or blood poisoning. Now came the time for a hard decision: the vets recommendation was to operate, to flush out the pus, find the location of the problem and hopefully repair it. And it would cost a lot of money.
Wall/Chair/Bed
What did Paul know about sailing? Those men in charge of that vessel were master seamen. They had the history of the sea at their disposal. They had the knowledge of man to draw upon. Ah yes, but Paul had the Word of God; and it was God who made that sea and also had control over the weather. Don’t you think the Creator has more authority over such matters than the creature?
Our Winner, Tammy, receives 2 download pages from THATB
(The Gypsy Horse is a hearty little draft horse which was developed by and is currently used by the Gypsies of England and Ireland. They typically stand between 13 and 15.2 hands, and have an unusually quiet and gentle disposition. Their exceptional stamina allows them to go all day at a steady trot while pulling a loaded living wagon with the whole Gypsy family. They are sturdily built with solid bone and have a good deal of feathering and hair. The Gypsy horse comes in all colours, with the most common being the "pinto" patterns, piebald and skewbald. Although they have been bred for a particular type for generations, they are originally descended from several draft horse and pony breeds, namely the Shire and Clydesdale along with Dales, Fell and other native British breeds.)
Secondary LCD students take high school courses in various academic subjects taught in Spanish as they continue to learn English. Courses include U.S. History, World History and Diverse Perspectives, Math, and Science. At ELC schools, content courses are offered in Spanish that include the cultural component as well, with students learning about their Latino history and culture both in English and in Spanish. Coursework is aligned with district standards to ensure that students learn the essential skills in the subject areas needed for graduation.
There is a charming painting of their domestic life, showing dogs and baby Princess Victoria, their first child, clustered around the royal couple, and one showing Victoria in her cradle guarded over by a little terrier. I imagine the cozy familial picture continued in their lives as the other children appeared.
So when the crew behind the scenes at Freelancer Unplugged put me forward as a speaker on the panel at the Written Worlds event, I thought I was going to hyperventilate. I truly said to myself, “But Im not a writer!”. But what am I doing now? Writing about it.
The biggest surprise was, that reflecting started to produce great again, I guess I missed the distance to my work and the daily routine. Thinking about projects and activities I worked on in the near past made me squirm here and there, I realized that this time out was just right and potentially helped me to get back on track – just in time.
Alethea is adept as giving us a feel for this fairy tale world. I felt like I could have been reading any one of the classics. Her tone is whimsical like the classics, yet they also contain the feeling and emotion found in more modern tales.
For example, I was put on the spot to entertain a crowd of cattle producers at a field day after the planned activities were rained out. (Note: never plan and always be prepared) I had no prepared material (see). So this was off the cuff. Now I went into a hot topic about another country and trade deals. I had just returned home from that country so I had a new fresh perspective. The very instant I said something that went against the American paradigm, the room emptied. Around fifty to seventy people walked out. The twenty or so that remained encouraged me to go on. See there was little willingness to accept a different view. People are willing to change as long as they can keep doing what they are doing. Yes I wrote that exactly how I wanted it. There is no need to change because the excuses are built in. We have had the same failures for so long they are now accepted as normal.
Could we handle the situation? Our Ex's getting married next month? Was it too embarrassing to find ourselves inadvertently part of a wife swap? Did we really care? How could we manage the children?
For some of us, solitude is not just a need, but an ideal state. Some of us enjoy being alone so much, that we prefer it to being with people (that’s me – I confess!). But God has commanded us to love others: to share our time, our emotions, our beliefs, our knowledge, and our material goods. Yes, we bless others with our prayers, but we must also bless them with our lives. We must fill our cups and then we must empty them. Time alone and time with others. That’s the balance.
….American manufacturers today are about the most productive in the world. In the Wall Street Journal’s “The Truth About U.S. Manufacturing” we learn that Ameican factory workers are producing triple the output of 1972. The use of ever more sophisticated equipment, often with digital controls, and a higher trained workforce has made it possible to make more and more stuff with less and less labor. While considerable manufacturing has gone offshore, it is not because our workers are competitively unproductive. To the contrary, productivity is amongst the highest in the world!
Part of my problem is procrastination. I was not a good planner this week. I feel like the most distracted person in the world.
I bought a stamp that says that - it has the little Hallmark crown over it and it just cracks me UP!
Here's a few things I've done on my journey to becoming less of a critic and more of an activist:
Mike Shanahan’s record with quarterbacks, as of late, has not been good. The trade for Donovan McNabb was ill advised and subsequent handling of the veteran was shoddy and a distraction. Mike and Kyle (O-coordinator) Shanahan’s propensity to squeeze quarterbacks into a system, rather than build a system around a quarterback, is the main concern. I watched McNabb operate for years in Philadelphia and when Andy Reid converted him to a pocket passer, he lost his effectiveness. It take courage at the NFL level to play to your guy’s strengths rather than avoiding injuries. I love what Carolina is doing with Cam Newton in this regard. RG3 is a mobile quarterback and Kyle Shanahan had great success in Houston with Matt Schaub who is a pocket passer, and seems wedded to a system ill-suited for RG3. Here’s hoping the Shanahans can adjust their thinking. Also the shortsightedness of even giving Beck a chance was a negative ding because this guy was not even close to NFL caliber and Shanahan should have seen that. Why did he sit on the bench for five years in Miami? Anyone with enough talent to play the position would have gotten a chance and Shanahan has been around the game long enough not to get fooled by that.
When you’re passionate about something, no matter what you do, you’ll always find a way to keep your heart close to it. This I’ve just experienced with architecture. I thought quitting my job to do a RTW would separate me from my profession, but now I’m more active, more related, more thoughtful, and more passionate about it than I had even been while working at an office.
Jackson pondered for a moment and then said with a smile, “So when we get together on Monday night with the small group we are having church?”
* Achtung! Superfluous warning posts, about high number of Alpine Skiing related posts, may now appear from time to time on this blog.
In the meantime, pineapples had spread to tropical Asia, where they could grow naturally, and so were also becoming associated with the East.
For the guys I attach an article with a few great tips.
I’m sure some people are worried that this ending confirms their fear that Sookie will end up with Sam. It’s easy to assume that since love was what activated the magic in the cluviel dor, that Sookie loves Sam.That the whole “he’s my boss” thing just always held her back, but now that they are partners in the bar and the power between them has shifted and is more equal, she’ll be more open to a romantic relationship with him. Which is possible, I guess, but I don’t see it happening.
To me, this was the most awkward step of the binding process.
Mom: He’s not going to turn off his computer every time.
Well Love Bug is only 6 so we are just starting to do chores. Right now when I was the load of towels, if she folds them she gets .50. And that's it. But this summer, while she is home, she is going to be doing more chores, and we will do an allowance for her.
Here is my first awesome rainy-day activity. With some initial planning, it can be a seasonal activity that carries you right through the entire rainy season.
toothless mouths
These lovely earrings were a Christmas present from my Mum and I love them! Bit of a walking advertisement for Primark today but I thought the colour of the stone went well with the dress.
Maybe one day, long ago, the American public as a whole was more shielded from the process and the folks elected to lead could lead. Now, there's such a divide, and there are so many loud voices convincing people of whatever is in the interests of the actors spouting whatever makes them rich, that we end up with so much turnover nothing can ever truly be accomplished. We live in a country of perpetual agitation.
An ideal dise?o paginas web in one that provides a customized solution at an optimum cost. Online businesses definitely have the chance accessto get high profits because of the large amount of people that go online nowadays. However, today’s competition makes success quite a challenge, which is why it would be smart to invest in professional dise?o paginas web. Think about it.
Daryl Hannah (The Tie That Binds)
But it turns around
The truly virtuous is not conscious of his virtue. The man of inferior virtue, however, is ever consciously concerned with his virtue and therefore he is without true virtue. True virtue is spontaneous and lays no claim to virtue –Lao-tzu Tao Teh Ching
Lorain Morning Journal/Lake County News-Herald sportswriter Jeff Schudel has an article on Sindelar's passing here.
Watching, Swede said, "Forgive me running, Rube?"
Did I mention that we were under the ground?
Kids off to school
the king of light.
Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth; for the first heaven and the first earth passed away, and there is no longer any sea. And I saw the holy city, new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God, made ready as a bride adorned for her husband … and He will wipe away every tear from their eyes; and there will no longer be any death; there will no longer be any mourning, or crying, or pain; the first things have passed away.” Revelation 21:1,2,4 (NASB)
-Spoon 1 tablespoon of chocolate-hazelnut spread into the center of the wrapper.
Bitburger Brauerei Bitburger Premium Pils
You have discovered of course
Me: Um, there were three bags of TRASH in the garage.
My goal for the week: finish the new beginning and connect up to the previous beginning. It'll take a bit of rewriting, since I made a few setting and story changes, but I hope it'll be even stronger.
So I began studying the science of gluten-free baking and it really is a science. Unlike regular flour, you can't just choose one gluten-free flour and start baking. There are formulas for how to mix different flours to get the right taste and texture and then you have to know how to add other ingredients to replace the qualities of gluten.
Dick Clark's Primetime New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest ... ABC ... 11:30 PM -2:11 AM *NEW
Yeah. Right.
Pour the boiling water over the other ingredients, stirring well all the time, then boil the whole for about 3 minutes.
04 - Rendezvous 6:02
Horseradish dressing
While there is plenty of blame to go around, it's the current crop Republicans who disappoint and disgust me the most. I'm absolutely amazed at how quickly right-wing politics have become the safe harbor for nutcases and lunatics. I don't hear the constant chatter of crazy talk from the left any more; it's all coming from the right. What happened? How, without my views significantly shifting, has the landscape changed to a place where in my world "Republican" equals Nut Job? Democrats circa 1979 = Republicans circa 2010. If you're a Republican or conservative, you might want to think about that. I haven't fundamentally changed. But you certainly have.
Had a request about what I think about All Star Western. I'm not wanting to go into a detailed review of the books because I haven't completed the 70 issue run of Jonah Hex by Palmiotti and Gray, but I think I can write down my thoughts on the series thus far.
What more can I say? It’s tricky, fascinating and hypnotic! Give it a try. I chose the live version of the second track because otherwise I really get the feeling the music sounds a bit too alien for comfort. Seeing it played live, by humans, softens it slightly.
Auditions will be held the week of April 30th 2012.
As an attendee, I received a sample of each of the four dinner sauces, described below, and a few other goodies from Hunt's including a set of Sur la Table mini-prep bowls which I can't wait to use in my new kitchen.
BUILT-IN HDMI TERMINAL
President “Barack Obama” is playing a winning hand in the 2012 presidential election, but he is playing with the house’s chips. Obama’s ace in the hole, the “I killed Bin Laden” card, is a total fake. The card is actually a Joker. Obama is bluffing big time. Bin Laden had been dead before Obama was even elected as a Senator. He couldn’t have ordered the killing of Osama Bin Laden because it is impossible to kill a ghost. That’s not a conspiracy theory.
I left in exceedingly high spirits which made me uncharacteristically loquacious in philosophy class. We were discussing Peter Singer’s rather extreme view of Utilitarianism. It seemed to me unrealistic (and therefore of no real utility) and…well, reducio ad absurdum. Also, his devotion to measuring “the greater good” by suffering alone is strangely negative and yet strangely common: the imperative (found in many philosophies, religions and psychiatric offices) to eliminate suffering altogether makes one wonder if it isn’t perhaps a one sided look at life.
Have a great night and weekend. Cross your fingers that I can walk tomorrow! Cheers.
To be a victim of crime is to have your faith in the community severed. It is shattering. Devastating. When a taxi driver chose to rape me, instead of drive me home safely, he destroyed not only my life and my sense of self but my faith in the world. Where before I had felt safe and confident, able to live and work and be a part of my community as I chose, I no longer felt secure even in my own home.
Do you ever get super disappointed in yourself??
I have three Endless Summer varieties and most should look like this by now:
JM responded: “If Christ is our substitute and we are impute a legal righteousness, even though the Father knows we are sinners, means”
This is the journal page that was sitting on my WOYWW desk the other day...
Mat Zain also called for legal action to be taken regarding the electoral roll and for it to be declared void due to the inconsistencies that have been highlighted, and the alleged deception by the EC's leaders.
Then, mostly by chance, I came upon Patricia A. Leslie’s novel, The Ballad of Young Tam Lin, which, despite its prohibitive (to me) 460 pages, has a beautifully designed cover, and an interesting blurb on the back suggesting mysterious doings between our mortal world and Summerland. So I began reading with no background in the myth, mystique, and lore of faeries and elves.
However, spamming my site over 30 times in two days is not going to get you the desired results.
After checking out the view, us pleibes made our way back down to ground level to check out The Shoppes at Marina Bay Sands (and enjoy the air conditioning in the mall - temperatures were in the 70s in late December and everyone was in shorts/dresses and flip flops - can't imagine how hot it would be in the summer!)
Last updated at 3:01 AM on 19th February 2012
God says I promise you some land: others have it now, but what of it? Go get it.
100g Whole Oat Flakes
I have been in serious baking mode for the past three nights. Above and below you can see the cookies that I combined with mason jars and a charm square to create simple, cute holiday giveaways :) I really like the alternating contrast of the two types of cookie (for the record, they are ginger-molasses and sugar cookies).I can't say that I am proud of the number of cookies I ate in the process...but I am happy to report that it was less than my husband ate! Next on the list are some delicious whole-wheat brown sugar shortbread cookies. I can't wait!
When I was Chair of the Nashville Coalition Against Domestic Violence in Tennessee, we hosted a training where nationally renowned speaker Mark Wynn presented on the lethality of batterers to a room of detectives, attorneys and service providers. The room got very quiet when he showed a video of a batterer who opened fire at a court house after a domestic violence hearing, shooting at his wife, police officers and anyone that was around. We all worked at the court house on domestic violence cases and the individuals this man had gunned down could have been any one of us. This was an important reminder of the danger that an abuser poses not only to the victims and witnesses we worked with, but also to each of us.
And for the record, the American Homebrewers Association has said Trenton lawmakers have the right idea about scrapping the permit, but the wrong notion about striking homebrewing from the state's books. The AHA prefers language declaring homebrewing legal and exempt from taxation be put on the state's books, just forget the permit.
After the initial excitement wore off, Alli started getting a little antsy. But with an intermission to get her hopped up on cotton candy (thanks to Aunt Bacon) and a souvenir tiger, we were able to settle her back in for the remainder of the show. I have to say she was quite the trooper for sitting (for the most part) in my lap for 2.5 hours with all that was going on. I'm sure if she could have made her way to the arena floor to see everything up close, she would have. Just as she was getting really restless, the grand finale started and she was sucked back in again. I mean, who could look away when a guy gets lit on fire and shot from a giant crossbow across the length of the arena? There's nothing quite like seeing the reflection of the flames in your daughters eyes as she follows them across the sky.
In all there were two thousand copies of this recording pressed and released. One thousand were sold through the original pressing in the spring of 1973. Spirit Records cut another one thousand pieces in a re-release several years later.
Both fighters come out exchanging strikes. This is an exciting fight.
I have vowed to myself that N will never get one more minute of my life than I’m required to give. Even if I have to suffer consequences by refusing to comply with cajoling, begging, threatening, and ”logic,” I will not give in. N will never again take up residency in me.
There are two depressing things about this trailer
The sky remained overcast as we unloaded but I had a gut feeling the rain would hold off; and it did.
One story rejected.
Your ways are good and sure, I will trust in you alone
And this is where the true irony of Sessions’ piece begins.
one blue she wore
She keeps insisting that the deed restoring the place to her be drafted to her specifications and she won't accept the perfectly good deed we give her. We point out that her format isn't recordable....she still demands it. We acquiesce and hey, what do you know, its not recordable. She then demands another one. We draft one that will work and she then makes a number of ridiculous demands such as requiring that it have a gold and raised seal on it (totally unnecessary in Michigan) and makes other weird claims. We send her the deed via signature delivery and tell her that third times the charm and that's it, she can record it, she can hang it on her wall, she can roll it and smoke it, whatever but we're done playing around. We also send directly to the county a release of the original lien, which the county takes over a month to record.
Said from our guide the goal of the project is to showcase past, present and future houses. That excites me to wait for more.
No, I'm not killing him off, but it's still a goodbye.
Sometimes I wonder what the purpose of my blog is. So far, it’s been pretty much a blog of my daily life, which can be pretty boring to a random reader. But I’ve been trying to at least make my blogs somewhat insightful so that it’s not just me rambling about my woes. I’m still trying to find where to go with this blog, as well as trying to find where my life is going too.
Joe Braden: "I don't know it is just the first thing I thought of, but I won't do it again because I had to sit out at recess for 7 minutes!"
I found this song today and it touched me on these issues, especially as for those in USA it's mothers day today; enjoy.
OSSETRA – $250 / 1oz
Our #2 son is 12 years old and is one sweet heart of a kid. At least once a day he calls for "Hug Time"! Which starts out as a hug, but usually ends with him trying to crack my back. We are about the same size, so he usually does a pretty good job! #2 has some special needs and is in Special Ed at school. He has a great teacher that is helping me learn to navigate the system. Due to his special needs he is an immature 12 year old, but he is super sweet and still wants me around so I will take immature for awhile. He has a stuffed animal cow that he loves named Moo Moo. I used to love cows and had a stuffed cow in his room when he came for his first weekend. I know it sounds silly, but I considered it to be something of a sign that we should adopt the boys. We are learning his triggers for bad behaviors and working on ways to prevent bad behaviors and correct bad behaviors.
134. “Your attitude is either the lock on, or the key to the door of success.” – Denis Waitley
If it isn't running, what type of workout gives you that feeling like you're invincible?
Redheads account for about 1% to 2% of people on the planet, so what's with all the crazy myths about redheads? British researchers set out to examine whether healthcare professionals really need to be more careful with red-haired people during surgery.
Best friends don’t wait until you are asleep and then bring in their buddies to fight on top of you. Best friends don’t lick where the sun don’t shine and then attempt to lick you in the face. Best friends don’t jump on your lap and cut wind that will make your eyes water. Best friends don’t urinate in your pile of clean laundry. Best friends don’t bring in their dinner plate and throw it down on the floor for you to put food on it. Best friends don’t scrounge through the bathroom garbage and drag toilet paper all over the house. And last, but not least….They don’t puke on your bed in the middle of the night making you get up and throw all bedding in the washer at 1:00 a.m. Thus making you freeze the rest of the night because everyone else has the warm blankets. Man’s best friend?
I am a knitter. I am not a particularly good knitter nor am I an accomplished knitter. I am a pick-up-easy-projects-when-I-can knitter. You know, little easy baby hats in the round, that kind of thing.
I chopped myself into pieces: Higher Self vs. lower self, sex desire vs. spiritual desire, ego vs. soul, etc. etc…This very separation of self and Higher Self was also the backdrop of my prayer for oneness with God, and in my own fragmented consciousness, I relegated God to an impossible future: “If I try harder, if I’m chaste enough, if I’m good enough and strong enough…maybe then I will find oneness with God.” That inner schism between my “weak” and “faulty” self and with the God Ideal was tweaking me mentally to no end!
Fourteen of our leader wives in our church's marriage ministry came over and we made Dahlia pins like this--you can see a picture of my first Dahlia pin I ever made, which I love other than the bright polyester felt I used. I have made several of these and been happy, but my pin from last night was not my favorite. I had nice, cream wool felt, but I made mine too high, rigid and stacked. I am going to try to improvise a little bit next time. Have you made these before, and do you have a trick?
"it doesn't cost anything to go to the showroom" and I agree
It is there I bow to worship. There, I lay down all my fears and worries.
The variables affecting this decrease included the predictable factors of delivery by skilled attendants, complementary nutrition for pregnant women and their children in the primary care clinics and schools, clean facilities, and fertility. But the most important factor and the one which increased the effect of all others was the educational level of women. For every additional year of maternal education there was a corresponding decrease in the MMR of 29.3 per 100,000 live births.
yesterday, after sixteen days. One thing I forgot to mention in my previous preview is that you have to keep in mind that I placed my orders during Christmas holidays, and if there were delays I'm sure that's one of the most important reasons.
Wonderful colour, sort of a bright copper, the citrus and passion fruit aroma. Great freshness again with this bottle like the last, the bitterness creeps back in your mouth and hits the back nicely, fades a little early but by then your going for another sip so it's a moot point. Crisp sharp orange that should be left in the fruit bowl a little longer, and a wonderful hop dryness.
This link will tell her story and give a view of her recent work.
After a hot shower and some mouth wash I was good to go. I scarfed down a quick bagel for breakfast and hopped in my car at around 9am. Of course the drive wasn’t as long as I anticipated and I arrived to the Seaport World Trade Center in Boston at around 9:15am. Having 45 minutes to kill I wandered around checking out the local restaurants, piers and the Dunkin Donuts next to the venue. A coffee was needed and definitely deserved after a tough night before, an early morning and a long day ahead.
The west did everything in their power to oust the National Party and replace it with a government that owed them and that they could control and dictate to, but unfortunately they lost the plot due to their naive ignorance. The west has little to no control over the New SA today, because they cut their losses, took their money and ran, leaving us to the dogs of the east.
So, when All Star Western was announced and whole "Jonah Hex in Gotham" came to light, I kinda held my breath, buy the books (they're JONAH HEX!), and make my decision later. Well, later is now.
I love to watch this movie over the holidays, but I’ve found when I’m going through a tough time or I know I’m in need of a serious change in my life and I end up watching this movie, I’m crying like a baby when Diana starts singing “Home.” Then I need someone to pick me up off of the floor by the end of Lena Horne’s song, “Believe in yourself.”
We need some bright, modern elements that are still in sympathy with the rustic styling of the other dining room pieces. I'd love to hear, what do you think are the perfect decorative touches to style a buffet? What lives on the buffet in your house?
That snow-like mound of coconut (niyog) holds more moisture than you think, but you'll need some help to draw it out. As mentioned earlier, the traditional but messy, inefficient and cramp-inducing method is to simply grab a handful of niyog and squeeze it in your fist with as much force as needed to turn a piece of coal into a diamond, while the precious milk seeps out between your (hopefully clean) fingers.
Lily is only seven when a matchmaker tells her family she wants to make Lily a laotong with Snow Flower, a girl from another village. A laotong relationship will not only bring respect to Lily’s impoverished family, but will bind Lily and Snow Flower forever, making them old sames. Lily and Snow Flower become good friends, and remain so through their marriages and the birth of their children. Their friendship is documented on a fan they pass between then in the language of women of the day, even though the use of this language is not permitted and must be done in secret. But through their determination to communicate with each other, the reader in keenly aware of the inner struggle the women have toward the way society demands they be treated and the obligation to behave as expected.
As the drab concrete walls rushed upwards we realized the entire room was actually a giant elevator, and we were descending. Into what, I had no idea.
For further information please check the Links page
We are so excited to share our news with everyone!
I've been working on the Bear Doll accessories for a little while now, and today I have the Christmas Outfit SVG for you!
He clawed my breaths once regular and deep.
Paula. x
I loved the bit about them being waterproof. Always a handy quality in a gumboot. I also loved the bit about them being designed for fashion and light work. They will be perfect for The Farmchildren. While we believe in child labour on The Farm, we do keep them on light duties and expect a certain level of style from all workers big or small...
She combines witchcraft with her extensive knowledge of uranium mining in the book, where she tells the reader about the subjects she has covered for the Independent. She has been a reporter, based in Tuba City and Fort Defiance for longer than a decade and is well-known for her stories on uranium, water, and Navajo issues. These issues have changed over the years and she keeps on top of the change and throws into her book many of her flashes of insight, her dreams and her connection with Keanu Reeves.
her to resurface.. to really want to show up to the party ~ ya know?
On Saturday 18 February, community members are invited to join Conor at the Lovett Gallery and hear him talk about the stories featured in the exhibition. Also on hand will be distinguished photographer Robert McFarlane to engage in a wider discussion about documentary photography.
Attendance was surprisingly low. He signed his full name with a "HOF 2011" inscription, reflecting his introduction to the NBA Hall of Fame last year.
I don’t know how both statements appear in the original Spanish, but they are essentially alike that one cannot help but assume that Bolaño (or more precisely, the character named Bolaño, as told by a journalist named Cercas, in a book by the novelist Cercas), knowingly or unknowingly, appropriated a statement by Cervantes (or more accurately the narrator of the Quixote).
This film boasts ‘the scariest moment in film,’ which many modern viewers may disagree with but is still rather creepy, especially if you don’t like ventriloquist dummies. Its also the picture that began the portmanteu, or several stories linked by one, format employed by Amicus films.
Unlike her placid companion M57, F3 was in full gulo mode from the moment she heard us approach. That indescribable, spine-tingling growl rumbled up from the trap before we even lifted the lid. When we knelt down to peer into the trap, she paced and growled, rushing the opening and our flashlights, drool trailing from her bared teeth. She was smaller than M57, but about ten times as ferocious. She strode between the back wall of the trap and the entrance, lunged, bit the flashlight (three dents; paint scraped clean off), paced to the back wall, and began tearing a piece of bait to shreds, keeping an eye on us as if to make sure we witnessed this demonstration of her ability to demolish anything she chose. In 2007, F3 chewed her way out of a log box trap through six inches of solid wood. We took the point, and lowered the lid to prepare the drugs.
Respite. I found it. I am going to use it. For Faith. For the other kids when needed. Sure, go ahead, look at me like I have two heads and wonder why in the world I would use something like that...something like respite. Respite is defined as a temporary rest period, utilized by caregivers of the ill or disabled. Six kids. Two with ADHD. One with Tourette's. One with Down syndrome. One typical teenager. Judge me if you want, but to make myself a better "caregiver" to my daughter AND all of the the other children, I am choosing to do this for them and for myself.
Read to your child everyday. It exposes him/her to the letters, words, and a great model. Let your child choose books out of the library or bookstore, let them "read" to you, point out letters, sounds, and words as you go.
I walked in the door and Debbie looked me up and down. I felt like Anne Hathaway in the Devil wears Prada, meeting Miranda Priestley for the first time.
Stand amazed. Jesus never asks you to give up the worthless prizes of the world without offering to you the priceless worth of heaven in their place.
The project currently has the support of numerous Victorian Bunnings Warehouses and the Salesian College at Sunbury in running collection drives and collection depots for donations.
“So take everything the Master has set out for you, well made weapons of the best materials. And put them to use so you will be able to stand up to everything the Devil throws your way…This is for keeps, a life-or-death fight to the finish against the devil and all his angels.” Ephesians 6:10-12 msg
<U+F0A7> Vanger, Martin – Stellan Skarsgård on Film Acting, Psychopathy, Bondage, Torture, Wrapped In Plastic, Set Design(stills)
baking soda for a shampoo rinse! It got a little hairy there for a minute
Not much I can say good about it.
Thursday August 14, 2008 - 01:55pm (EDT)
The sight of thee calls back the robin's song,
This needs to be changed immediately, instead of local groups paying HQ the local groups should be getting funding from HQ with printers, software, leaflets etc... to ensure that we can run effective and proper campaigns. Was it really appropriate that all local groups had to raise every nearly every penny spent in the General Election? Local groups should have been supported by HQ, however their own mismanagement meant that there was no support or assistance.
On his way to the bedroom, he had shown the men where the safe was, then pretended to be searching for the keys. Sicholo had reached down for his gun and fired at the two men, hitting one in the chest. The man had died instantly.
i know this is nothing compared to all that cuteness you just took in...but i have been saying i would show some more recent pictures of the addition ;) it is coming along slow but steady....but the outside is finally getting CLOSE to being done! that was the goal anyway, and then we can work on the inside over the winter months.....
Twitter: @Goggs_on_F1
to do with Easter. You'll find an array of ideas
Press the dough into the bottom and the sides of a greased 9 x 13 baking dish. Cover bottom of the pan with sliced pepperoni. In a large skillet, cook the sausage over medium heat until no longer pink. Drain and sprinkle over dough and pepperoni. Top with all of the mozzarella cheese. In the same large skillet, saute the mushrooms and onion in oil until the onion is tender. Stir in the tomatoes, oregano, salt, and garlic powder. Spoon over the Parmesan cheese. Bake at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes, or until the crust is golden brown.
I'll be called a trader
Before I attempt to articulate the hurdle, another example: in the fouth season of the West Wing. The President is faced with a genocide in the fictional African nation of Kundu and asks one of his staffers, "Why is an American life worth more than a Kundunese one?" The staffer responds, "I don't know sir, it just is." The power of this dialogue, for me, is the clear acknowledgement of the fallacy that we continue to treat as real: that the members of our group are worth more than the non-members.
Especially since everyone knows that students don't need a private place for that; a lot of their liberal college professors are academically jerking them off right in the classroom. *rimshot*
Recipe for the eggplant here. It seemed odd - you fried the eggplant without the crumbs and sprinkled crumbs over the top. But it was delicious! I reduced the recipe - I only used one eggplant because it is not a fav of the baby beechers. I like my eggplant parm nice and soft - it had a roasted flavor even though it wasn't baked in the oven.
The emphases didn’t help.
I am happy to be in New York again, even though in my country today it is Queen’s day, a national celebration. This is why I am wearing my orange tie.
I know, mad as it is with things going well I wanted to cuddle into my happy place and stay there . However as a 'blog friend' ( In New Zealand at present also blogs from the Hebrides - you know who you are !) worried about my absence , here i am
Phreak: I should have listened…
or ethics, but of balance.
The people hired for the night were a mix of overly-earnest middle-aged and old people who wanted to Do Something for Democracy, and jaded young people who were just in it for the money. When several lawyers rushed into the office, intent on doing Serious Business, a couple twenty-something mouth-breathers giggled, and one said to the other, like Beavis to Butt-Head, “Huh-huh, guys in suits!”
Sometimes, people go to see the Doctor when they are quite well, for instance, when they need more tablets for their BP, or to check out some bloods that were done when they felt bad, but now they're over it thought they should do the right thing and just "check it out". Those times are good to get to know each other and maybe just "chew the fat" for a few minutes - just like in "real life". So today, seeing as you're all feeling so great, I'd just like to share a photograph I took this morning. It's at a special place known as the Palace Gardens of Versailles, France: and it's beautiful.
A sweet yeast pastry form Czech normally stuffed with either sweet of savory filling. It is quite time consuming to make but worth your effort.
He briefly had a share of the lead, after a birdie on the 15th, but slipped back after he bogeyed the 17th hole.
Consider the following passage, which is a brilliant example of Muggeridge’s unique style, where he comments on his first forays into the movie theater:
Black 3
"You are certainly a... unique performer."
Limited to senior-level corporate counsel, the CPS is an informal group of patent professionals who exist only for the purpose of putting this seminar together. The cost is $800 per person and additional information including registration information can be found at www.corporatepatent.com
Ed reformers like Bush havent learned that test scores are so limited, as evidenced by his successful efforts earlier this year to make FCAT more difficult. Supposed to be the solution to “failing schools,” test scores don’t translate to results that are actually important like college readiness for individual students. Such a reality delivers a blow to ed reformers narrative. The haste to implement suppressive testing regimes based on a “failing schools” meme has produced students who may score well on multiple-choice tests, but aren’t ready to succeed in college.
How Do and Bradford Buzz – Both these titles are new and exciting. How Do is both paper and online, and is an exciting mix of forthcoming events, reviews and places to go in and around the city, with a smattering of poetry and the written word to delight readers. Bradford Buzz is online and brings together Bradford’s increasing number of bloggers, reviewers and thought-sharers who tell you just what they think of what’s going on in Bradford.
“I know that James, and–and I’m so sorry this has happened.” She gazed at him with as much compassion . . . as much empathy as she dared. This was no time to pour out her personal feelings: her little sister had done something outrageously foolish, and now two families–and their four hundred dearest friends–were about to suffer for it. “Matt and Sam drove out lookin’ for her earlier, soon as they realized she was missin’–”
but I think you will find
The Washington Post has an excellent piece on how the closure of a state penitentiary in Maryland could kill the small town of Boydton, which relied on selling sewer services to the prison for twenty percent of its revenue.
Meanwhile, heat 1 Tbs. oil in a large skillet. Saute the bell pepper, celery, scallions and garlic until softened, about 5 minutes. Transfer to a large mixing bowl and let cool. Wipe the skillet clean.
FOSTER MOMS (and Dads) are among the most selfless and loving people on this earth ... They sacrifice their hearts everyday to give a child the love of family. They bridge the gap for a time in a child's life when they have NO ONE to look out for them ... They include them in their lives as if they will be there forever (knowing many times that is impossible according to our court systems) ... They pray and dedicate so much of their life to just GIVING IT AWAY to children and many times will never receive anything in return ...
This may be more important than the congestion-fighting mentality I've described in recent posts in accounting for the proliferation of park-and-ride lots and garages in transit systems new and old. Both ideas flow from, and reinforce, the Kotkinist idea that the ideal commute is a solo drive in a personal car from the driveway of a single-family home to a parking lot.
I had something weird when I was 18 ... didn't we all? Seriously though, I had a sore throat for four weeks that took 3 lots of antibiotics to kill. Sadly, whether it was the virus or the antibiotics no one can say, but when the sore throat left, the red lumps arrived.
Secondly … the recipes are stellar. For realz. Kelly has a love of food that just jumps off the page …
1908 update:
Anyways, here's my Birthday Card...
I slept HARD until 9:30 this morning, and only woke up because I had to pee and thought it was 6am.
him. She swam to the bottom and pulled Jim out.
- 2 egg white
The New Haven Review of Books will be posting a new short (300ish words) review every Monday. Attentive readers will notice that my review is not nearly as long, rambling and self-indulgent as the reviews on this site, though it still manages to "out-word-count" the other four reviews. The NHRB has two basic rules for reviews: 1) that the review be positive (they are not interested in slamming books), and 2) the the book be overlooked by other, larger, review venues. Now, you cozy readers out there know that the Mrs. Pollifax series is very popular among mystery readers, so there's a bit of an exception to rule #2 - if the book is well-known within a genre, but remains unknown to general readers, (or perhaps, in the case of Mrs. Pollifax on the China Station, is over 20 years old) then it counts as overlooked.
Whenever we hear about geek girl pin-ups, we’ll admit, we get a little skeptical. ‘Oh boy,’ we say to ourselves. ‘More objectification of women aimed at the stereotypical lonely male nerd. Everybody loses.’ So why are we talking about a geek girl calendar? Because these particular women are awesome, that’s why.
Ten years ago today, my mother committed suicide. It’s very hard to explain what that does to a child, especially a daughter losing a mother, no matter the age. I was 34; my sister was 24. I was angry with my mother for a while; I felt very abandoned and suffered a major loss of self worth. The fact that Mom thought she had nothing to live for when, in fact, she had two daughters, one with grandchildren on the way, hit hard, and I went through a couple years of serious soul searching. But after a while, I realized there was nothing I didn’t do, nothing I could have done, that could have helped her. My sister reached that point as well, and we are much closer now than we’ve ever been, coming out of that darkness together.
Harvey's not to every ones taste, and he seems to evoke a 'Marmite' style divide - love him or hate him. Mrs P is interested in a number of comics, but has never warmed to his work (although she did really enjoy the film adaptation of American Splendor a few years back). She finds him just too grouchy and his stories just too mundane... which ironically are the two things I love the most about his stuff! But I guess I see more of myself in Harvey than Mrs P does! On the face of it, his work may not look like anything special... a story about the growing awkwardness of someone giving him a lift to work, a conversation he's overheard in a shop, how a vague acquaintance became a better 'friend in need' than any of his true 'friends' when help was needed.... it's everyday stuff. But scratch beneath the surface and see yourself staring right back. I don't find gold in every story, occasionally one will leave me a bit 'non-plussed' thinking "and??" at the end of it. But that's the nature of this particular beast, and no doubt someone somewhere read the same thing and it really spoke to them. I remember reading one of his comics where he was reminiscing about old relationships, how the break-ups had affected him, his thoughts on love and loneliness etc. It was really profound and I kept re-reading it over and over again.
So, I am honestly asking my readers today (as I have in the past)… What suggestions do you have, for things I can do to encourage more interaction on this blog?
I got the Hey Diddle Diddle Imagine cartridge a couple of weeks ago, and (finally) updated my Imagine this week so I could use it. I absolutely LOVE the images & papers on this cartridge for baby cards! I wanted my focal point to have a lot of blue in it, to balance out that pink pattern paper that I had to include, since the new baby is a little boy....
The Vernal Equinox marks the start of Nowruz — an ancient festival celebrated by people of Persian descent. While many modern-day Persians are muslims, the festival is really a purely Persian/Iranian one rather than a religious one, and it has been celebrated for at least 3,000 years.
Again a great Leftist hope and aspiration.
Speaking of milk, did you know it takes 345 squirts from Bessie's udder to make one gallon of milk? I'd be curious to meet the Adonis who gets paid to run these studies.
Hubcaps really do make all the difference on a '96 Sentra.
Another thing that I really liked about this online shop is that if you buy 5 of their W7 polishes you get a W7 top coat for free. I ordered six of them, and I got the top coat too, and I can't really wait to try it!
Their music is called American/Roots music. ( A combination of folks, country and soft rocks. All their music was written by them.)
And that’s just one of my books. When I consider all of them, my gratitude is unending. I am grateful I never had to twice attend my mother’s funeral as poor Bob Stark did in More Deaths Than One. I’m grateful I have not yet had to deal with an epidemic so severe that the entire state of Colorado needs to be quarantined as described in A Spark of Heavenly Fire. I am grateful that I am not being held captive in an underground installation run by a quasi-government agency as are my heroes in Light Bringer, which will be released in the spring of 2010.
I know what you are probably thinking. Dressing room? Seriously? I know. We are spoiled. We just had this giant section of unused space, and because there are no windows, we were really limited with what we could do with it.
I hadn't been quite sure what to expect: the Occupy movement has common global and local concerns, as well as numerous specific local ones. It is a dynamic phenomenon, still evolving. By the time of this rally, it had established itself as a real force, but was also facing a moment of decision if not crisis: how to respond to both the onset of harsher weather and harsher police actions. Certainly, such a movement takes on different contours in a metropolis such as New York or Boston vs. a small rural college town such as Amherst.
· Chuck Flask, talent buyer, Paxahau
THANK YOU- to all the 100 followers of OAK.
If you want to keep up to date on what’s happening on this blog? You can subscribe, see the link to the left of the articles heading – Follow Blog by Email
I said I agreed that they were touchingly portrayed: blind Homer, who narrates the story with nicely wry economy, has a touching affection for the increasingly mad brother who - in turn touchingly - cares for him, with his all-too sane insights into American society. Mark particularly liked Homer's account of Langley's assessment of the moon landings:
I PAYED THE BLOODY MONEY WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS TIME LIMIT YOU PIECE OF BLOODY FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!?
There is a television show that takes the concept of torture by hope to its ultimate limit. Frankly, it is the ultimate existentialist horror. The fact that it doesn't seem to be horrific makes it all the more horrible when one truly considers the implications of its core message. That core message is grim, soul-eroding and profoundly nihilistic.
I've been locked out of my blog for a little while. No idea why, but I'm just glad I'm back!
Every effort to divert low-level cases from the justice system is a worthy experiment, in this writer's view, but it remains to be seen how well the idea works in practice, whether HPD uses it, not to mention what criteria will be used to decide that the "sobering center" is more appropriate than the jail. For homeless frequent flyers in particular I can see it becoming a tremendous boon. And it's good to see city leaders spending on diversion programs first instead of automatically sinking more money into the city jail. According to Moran, "The city stands to save millions a year if it can offload a substantial portion of its public drunkenness cases to a facility where the detainees do not have to be fed nor as closely monitored as they would be in jail."
‘The modern era is often described as a skills economy,’ writes Richard Sennett* (p. 37), ‘but what exactly is a skill?’ It is assumed that the more skilled one is, the more advanced in one’s career one ought to be, with more responsibilities and more strategic influence. But skills, Sennett argues, are more about problem solving through repetition. One acquires them through a learning process of repeating a task until something ‘clicks’ and then repeating it some more until one finds better ways of doing it. ‘Skill opens up in this way only because the rhythm of solving and opening up occurs again and again’ (p. 38).
barring entrance like the spectral angels
Antwon Murray: On my recruiting trip it felt like home. They were a close nit group and the coaching staff was a great group of coaches. They were genuine straight forward guys who had your best interest at heart.
I felt sure that this part of the temple grounds was not part of the usual tour, and I could not imagine why I was being brought here.
We’re not even close to meeting our 2020 target of being less than 2005 levels, based on current gov’t initiatives.
Am I a GOER? A “goer” is one who, well,… goes. They are the ones overseas that we usually call missionaries. Paul and Barnabus throughout the book of Acts are clearly those who go. Short term mission participants GO. These people are on the front lines, on the scene and where the action is. These are the mission equivalent to those who joined the armed forces after 9/11–they just had to go!
Any of you who read my blog have heard this all before. Forgetting to brush my hair, going to a meeting with a cereal bar stuck to my sleeve – nothing new. But what I saw that day was a new low in my personal grooming, which is why I feel the abnormal need to tell you all about it.
Photographs by Peter Vitale to accompany text written by him for, I think, Architectural Digest. I clipped and did not note magazine, issue or date. If anyone can tell me so I can correct this, I would be grateful. Also, if anyone can identify the print on Smith's wicker chairs I would very much appreciate it. I know it was from Brunschwig et Fils.
Welcome back on this friday the 11/11/11 :)
Ben: "No, John, you're not. You're still crippled by the memories of the man you used to be before you came to this Island. And you'll never be free, until you release the hold that your father has over you. Why do you think you brought him here?"
I am not depressed. I may be strung out and have a very short fuse at times, but I am not depressed
The two following sessions offered me context – Leading In a culture of Change with Valeri Mitrani, Julie Lambert and Jon Mitzmacher and Upgrade Curriculum and Assessment with Student Blogfolios with Andrea Hernandez. Each of these extraordinary educators supported me to reflect on my essential question.
I figured I could do it without too much instruction, but I followed Papi's orders and relayed the next step.
Good news, everyone! I finished my rewrites!
Students expect the classroom teacher to place greater demands upon himself. This is a message many professors do not like to hear. The contrarian dimension of my manifesto is an appeal to change our ways, as difficult as that may be for those of us further along in years.
The basics are, you bid. If you win, then I will tweet almost whatever you like – to promote it, advertise it or just have a funny tweet as my 20,000th.
for a woman
STEP 1: In a saucepan, put the strawberries, sugar and lemon juice.
Prepare two sets of the body. Turn the 2nd body inside out. This will be the interior of the bag. Line up the top openings and insert cotton belting handles in between the top portion of the bag. Pin all edges and sew bottom first and sew around at the top.
When they dry, just roll them up and store them away until planting time.
This fortnights challenge is Show us your favorite Technique, well I don't know about you, but I like to try different techniques, so for this challenge I went for Distressing. I have used this lovely image from our sponsor, it is called Time for tea, I coloured it with promarkers then distressed with chalks, the papers are Prima almanac I disstressed all the edges to give it a vintage feel, cut out two of the butterflies to add the the image,
Niikam looked up nervously at the approaching city gates. Guards in tan, bulky armored suits stood with angry steam guns propped in their arms. He shivered at the sight of the weapons. He had felt the singe of those once and that was enough. Niikam briefly glanced at his companion as they made a straight line for the closed gates. Jesphan looked ahead, his eyes focused and unwavering. What had the city heard of this stranger? What would be their reactions to a company such as theirs? Some cities were willing to accept outsiders for the right price, but others…Well, by the look of those steam guns, Niikam was not about to make any hasty decisions. He side-stepped behind his companion, trying to hide his lanky frame behind the man’s stouter figure.
and forgot the time
I can't wait to see all the other inspiration at the party!
Kara started setting up the “delivery stuff” and we prepared to meet our little man! At 7 a.m., there was a shift change. Kara needed to be with a woman who was about to have a c-section, so Lori (a midwife I hadn’t met yet) would be “catching” Jack. I remember when she came into the room and introduced herself- she was
In her recipe she uses peanut butter and almond butter as the alternative. I prefer almond butter so we went with that. You are more than welcome to be creative and add your own additions to the recipe. (ie: cranberries, walnuts, flaxseed etc…)
My poor DH had the misfortune of being born in California. Both his parents are native born Texans but his Dad was in the Navy and stationed in California after he came back from WWII. They had to stay out there after he was discharged, until he could earn enough money to move back home to Texas and so DH was six months old before he got to Texas. Not sure if he can ever be President of Texas but oh well….his blood is Texan!
EDGE Motorworks E30 is a force to be reckon with. I first saw their E30 run at last years finale at Infineon Raceway in which they ran not only in the GTA event but just about every other session NASA had going on that weekend, something no other teams were doing. Another surprise for me was that this car runs in the Unlimited RWD Class and finished in 3rd place with a 1:57.756.
If you read Appendix C of the Standard it notes that they take into account when determining whether or not a garment is classified as sleepwear under the Standard. They also note in the last point of this appendix, that labels like 'intended for daywear' are irrelevant. This point also applied to the use of terms like loungewear and other names used to circumvent the law.
This article is based upon a reply to a paper published in 2006 by Reid and Edwards in this journal. I found the article difficult to follow as it moved around building an argument contrary to Reid and Edwards in a muddled and superficial way. The article draws on research in social work education, however it is presented in a journalistic style with embellishments but little substance or depth. These soundbites use American slang words for example, ‘they may publish better stuff’ page 9 – also ‘Given a candy store’ page 11. ‘there are multiple galaxies within the mental health universe’ The paper is littered with generalisations and rhetoric which downplay and obscure its possibilities for publication.
What I found interesting was that each week during March I moved between 6 to 8 units per week. This is all without any kind of advertising on my part. I’ve just let “Slip Drive” sit there and do its thing. If I had tried to push it, I wonder what kind of numbers I would have seen then.
They're beautiful and fascinating. They're totally opposite--one dark and the other one light. A Rebel and a Guardian--both were sent to watch Skye. Asher is cocky, flirty, always confident and always hot. And he's dangerous too. Devin, on the other hand is serious, always exuding calmness. He always look so peaceful and confident but in totally different way than Asher. They're opposite but both of them are intriguing and fascinating. Even I couldn't figure out well who to trust and love more. It's hard to choose between the two, and I don't blame Skye for being so confused. Eventually, Asher won my heart, but I still care for Devin. Sigh... You'll doubt and love them both at the same time...
In a sense, ulema militants had the perfect measure of the Saudi state. It was an arbitrary regime which only used Islam when it needed to.
300And faith, our early immortality!
1. Acknowledge the blogger who gave you the award by linking back to them.
One motive for farm murders is labour disputes. There is a dispute between employers and employees which escalates to the point where one party kills the other. The police sometimes point out that very often a murderer is someone known to the victim — a family member or an employee or employer. And this applies to farm murders as well.
He said another newspaper had published comments which he had asked not to be made public.
7:Miguel Cabrera- Crushes Hochevar
moment when we had to drop off Aeranthes at the train station, but she promised to come back. I promised to put her up for Oregon Flock and Fiber so I have until September to get the house ready.
7) SNP councils will directly involve social enterprises in drafting a full social enterprise strategy for each area.
Josh fills the now refashioned position recently vacated by Jesse Williams. Thanks to Jesse for all his contributions while at NABC.
I needn't have been. They ROCKED it! It went off like a frog in a sock.
OHIO! And Florida! And Virginia!
Rebellious elements in the South became insanely jealous that the Northern states could find such an appealing leader, so they seceded from the Union and fired the first shots of the Civil War. Your heart would’ve broken to see Lincoln’s face when he heard the news but he decided to make the best of a bad situation and take the reins of war. Despite his lack of military experience, he was much involved in war strategy. Old-timers in Washington still tell stories they heard from their grandmothers about how cute he was, carrying his lunchbox and an armload of homework on his daily walk from the White House to the offices of the War Department.
Oddly enough, I felt Matt to be too nonchalant. Yes, he couldn't direct his anger at his dying wife but show me that he roughed up a punching bag or something. I would have sent my two jiu jitsu brothers to pay this lover a visit! Matt was also passive with his daughters, like allowing them to be vulgar in his presence. But there was a couple great supporting characters, Sid and the nanny, that brought in some spice and perspective. Overall, I didn't like Matt's initial ignorance but I did like his renewed passion for life and commitment to be there for the family ..including respecting his heritage and leaving a proper legacy.
Roast Fish And Cornbread
We probably spent about five hours there, which was plenty. I don't feel like we missed anything.
First there was Lucy and Ethel, followed by Mary and Rhoda, Thelma and Louise and Carrie/Miranda/Charlotte/Samantha. And across the pond (and sandwiched in between the timeline of female buddies) were none other than Patsy and Edina from the hit show Ab/Fab aka Absolutely Fabulous.
Who's the cutest? Maybe it's you, your family member, your kid, or your pet!
2. Post-Green, pre-Buckingham/Nicks variants
I will add the info you request on the centre.
This is not what I want my life to look like…
The situation is compounded by a dismal economic picture, which tightens the strains on fraying societies and makes the task of generating growth to repay debts ever harder. Fresh data Monday showed industrial production in the 17-nation euro zone falling 2.2% in March from a year earlier....
About a week later, I promised to remake the ragu that we’d shared at dinner. With 13 of us, there was really only enough for everyone to have one bite–it was so delicious that we all wished we each could have our own plate of the ragu.
Enjoy your day!!
So what about this week? Well on Monday I will be meeting with staff and catching up on the things I missed last week. Tuesday I am in London for a national business development managers meeting, Wednesday I am in College all day and on Thursday night I will be attending the apprenticeship awards in Lincoln. On Friday I will be speaking at a Public Sector Compact event in Lincoln. So that should keep me busy then………….
3. Normal “hot” April, not Megan Fox April
His eyes welled up as a maelstrom of emotions rose within him, a fear of unknown gripped him as he scanned his surroundings for the presence of his tormentor but all was quite.
Zulily.com states the following:
This is a bit of an odd post, as I started by wondering what needed to change for D&D in early modern, and it became clear LOTFP is already there. However, how do you feel about ditching the traditional view of domain rulership and conquest for sliding D&D play into a setting themed against a later age? I've always like knowing there's an "end-game" out there, where D&D crosses over into a different style of play and there's a natural point for retiring characters.
Before we start I wanna say since the xbox is made by Sony I would personally want to see windows 8 on this new xbox. Would’nt you, tell me in the comments section below and also tell me what you wanna see and I’ll add it and put your name and twitter.
Two more (less stressful, I think) semesters and I'll be completely done.
Today Matters – John Maxwell
Alas the generosity that Sir Alex extends cannot be matched here. With Harry Redknapp doing all that he can to prove his England credentials – contentious goal conceded, team in white collapsing in a hapless mess – Arsenal need to increase the psychological pressure on Spurs. This is not lost on Tomas Rosicky, who refuses to allow over-confidence to set in,
I decided we'd have roast chicken with roast potatoes and vegetables. I buy a raw chicken which is already seasoned and then cook it myself as I find it much juicier than a cooked chicken from the supermarket. I made my own roast potatoes, salt and pepper ones roasted in olive oil and we had broccoli, cauliflower and carrots from a pack out the freezer. The kids had peas!
Once the pod reaches a planet and is exposed to both sunlight and more tolerable conditions, it starts to grow. If a creature comes too close to the pod, it opens up and releases a long shoot, which grabs onto the victim. This infects the victim, slowly turning them into a Krynoid. The victim becomes weak and starts developing plant-like characteristics. At this stage, they still have most of their personality, if intelligent, though they crave animal proteins in order to grow. As time passes, they grow larger and begin to lose all vestiges of their original physical form. Their original personality is lost to the Krynoid sentience.
Cardstock to match the party bags
Bob blamed the foreign influence on our modern game but did concede that the NHS was stretched enough as it was without weekend influxes of football-related injuries.
“The debate is over,” said study co-author Alexandra Morton, a biologist with the Raincoast Research Society. “This paper brings our understanding of farm-origin sea lice and Pacific wild salmon to the point where we know there is a clear severe impact.”
You watched me as I was being formed in utter seclusion, as I was woven together in the dark of the womb.
And the paint. I have read every blog and article on the web that discusses painting cabinets and I tried something completely different from what I had read. Have you seen those commercials for Behr "He is painting while he primes. She is priming while she paints?" I went for the premium primer included stuff from Home Depot. The black color is Behr Beluga. I painted 3 coats, sanding lightly between each one. I didn't remove the doors but I easily could (and probably should) have. I decided to distress them. This my husband wasn't too thrilled about but I know how my kids and their stool had already distressed them over the years so I figured I would save myself the headache and heartache and have them start distressed. I hit it several places with the sander and then used a darker tinted glaze (some watered down acrylic craft paint) over the sanded spots to darken up the distressed areas.
And just before I go, and to get you laughing, here is my first attempt at the Yellow challenge, which has since been filed under R.
Garden #1-
oh yea.. and take a pain med.. lovely doc gave me a scrip for Migraine meds.. and I am having spots in my vision.. damn stress.. damn horrible husband..”just leave me alone”
I was like how the hell could Hollywood ruin this… My favourite poem, basically they used a lot of Edgar Allan Poe`s stories, to create one story, some weird ass stuff that I must see.
But Brizard must make this a top priority because he needs teachers and the community on his side if his reform efforts are to be successful. Many of those reforms, such as how teachers are evaluated and paid, are controversial.
You can also take a picture while recording a video — feel free to guess where you first heard of this feature. Other imaging-related enhancements include contact tagging and automatic photo grouping based on who is in the picture. The front-facing 2-megapixel camera will also have face detection — which keeps the screen awake and from dimming if you are looking at it. It didn’t seem to work when I tried it, but bear in mind that this sample is not the finished retail product.
Macpherson adopts the same partisan and defensive posture when he tries to justify the behaviour of Duwayne Brooks, who was, we are told, ‘stereotyped as a young black man exhibiting unpleasant hostility and agitation’ (para, 5.12). Macpherson’s willingness to accept without question that the whites who assaulted Stephen Lawrence used the word “nigger” is contrasted with his readiness to doubt the possibility that Brooks used grossly offensive language when the police arrived at the scene of the murder (“pigs” being one of the milder words, see para, 5.13). Macpherson concedes, grudgingly, that Brooks said these things and admits that such offensive language may explain why he was ignored by the police at the hospital (para, 5.13). Nevertheless, ever willing to find fault with the police, Macpherson asserts, too, that: ‘We do not believe that a young white man in a similar position would have been dealt with in the same way’ (para, 5.31). Why are we to believe that a young white man who called the police “cunts” and “pigs” at the scene of a murder and who behaved in an aggressive manner would not have been treated in this way? To take this further, are we to believe that had Brooks been white he would not have been arrested for (allegedly) causing damage to a car? (para, 5.27).
I remember saying to Mister during those awful waterless months, "Never again. Never. You will fix this well situation. You will find us a secure source of water. You will do this before you do anything else. Fixing the shallow well has just become number one on your to-do list! Are we clear on that?"
Unwilling to let go
Named 2011 Platts Global Energy Awards CEO of the year, and as one of the greatest influential people in the global chemical markets (ICIS Chemical Business magazine December 2010/2011) Liveris’ breadth of experience and expertise is broadly represented across business, government, academic, and non-profit sectors. Liveris sits on the board of directors of IBM, and is vice chairman of the Business Council, and a vice chair of theBusiness Roundtable. He serves as president and chairman of the Board of theInternational Council of Chemical Associations. Liveris is a member of the U.S. President’s Export Council, the US-India CEO Forum, the Peterson Institute for International Economics, and the American Australian Association. He serves on the board of trustees for The Herbert H. and Grace A. Dow Foundation, USCIB, and Tufts University.
9. Just Wanna Make Love To You (Dixon) 4:05
Thank you for your laughter. It's one of the most beautiful sounds in the universe to me.
I snapped up this dress on the bargain rail at Primark for just £5.00.
Protection of public health
As a pulp fan/researcher, I absolutely appreciate all the little bits of biographical information in the editor's introduction to each article and in the articles themselves. Putting a personality and background with the authors who I read in the pulps is rewarding, and learning about the editors who heretofore were often only a name is great fun. Locke does an excellent job of giving a glimpse inside a wide number of publishers' outfits (Munsey, Street & Smith, Doubleday, Dell, Columbia, Popular, Fiction House, many more) and represents authors that were prolific as well as relatively new to the field. Some of the writers of the particular articles include the likes of Harold Hersey, E. Hoffman Price, Arthur J. Burks, Ray Palmer, Mort Weisinger, and Robert A.W. Lowndes. I'd be curious to see a second volume in the series, as this volume was both fun and enlightening. I see the editor now has out a couple of volumes with selections from and information on MacFadden's Ghost Stories, I'll have to check them out.
Daddy P will be home here in a minute.
Select design jobs that align with your morals. The ability to express your creative freedom can be cut off at the knees if you disagree with the morality of the design job. The architectural firm I work for was in bid phase for a new refugee detention centre, some of the team members refused to work on such a project, and it was such a hotly contested topic. If a family member is in cancer remission, and you are a packaging designer, chances are you will unconsciously sabotage your own work if its a cigarette packet you’ve been asked to design. If you find there are negative implications of doing your job well (and lets face it, you should be doing your best) the parameters will feel so stifling that even if youve done an amazing job, you’ve still failed. And it is that knowledge alone which crushes your freedom. You have the power to choose your client as much as they can choose you.
Big Idea: Echoing Green offers grants to social entrepreneurs and changemakers — it’s referred to as “impact investing.”
Without you I can’t see…
Hello sweet friends and welcome today!! I want to share a very special card I created this morning to send along to a very special person in my life! I took great joy in creating this girlie, beautiful and heartfelt card and can't wait to slip it in the mailbox this afternoon!
TouchArt's One Earth Bottle Home is a project for a sustainable beautiful home built by communities for women, children and families using recycled glass and plastic bottles, cans and tires.
Last week Connor read about marsupials in his science book. He was especially intrigued by opossums. The author recounted a story of having a opossum as a pet and showed a photo of a baby opossum.
That is, until the moment when I had so much "stuff" piled up on the main level of my house,
Shall be a loved, and happy wife."
“I’m afraid Fluffy has a few extra pounds on her,” he said almost apologetically. Fluffy had so much fluffy fur, I couldn’t tell, but she looked ok to me.
Here you can see the CF piece. The straight vertical line to the right of the fabric fold is the "old CF line":
That's it. It's actually extremely simple, but looks great...and is one of a kind!! And they're great for gifts...especially for baby showers. (just sayin')
Add 1 teaspoon of spoon of sugar to lukewarm (baby bottle warm) water in a cereal bowl or other small bowl. Sprinkle the yeast on top of the sugar water and stir to dissolve the yeast. Let it sit undisturbed in a warm place free of drafts until it is doubled, about 10 to 15 minutes.
Me: That sounds painful.
I have dreams of that happening. They usually show up right after my dreams of getting eight hours of sleep (yes, I dream about sleeping - isn't that normal?).
I am sure my mom heard that more often than she cared. I was/am THE Pickiest eater ever, and I wonder why my kids don't eat certain things.
Sunday night we were watching Mad Men and some random commercial came on in memory of Ray Charles.
Now, if I could just finish the other corner of the room before baby arrives... Since it's 95% done though, we're in good shape, and I hope to share a post or two with you each day for the next few days as we count down to his arrival!
I'm supposed to write a one sentence pitch (which I would love some help with!) and post my first paragraph. Lots of you will have seen this before when I posted it a few months back, but for those of you it's new to, feel free to share your thoughts!
With a single, disastrous 5-to-4 ruling, the Supreme Court has thrust politics back to the robber-baron era of the 19th century. Disingenuously waving the flag of the First Amendment, the court’s conservative majority has paved the way for corporations to use their vast treasuries to overwhelm elections and intimidate elected officials into doing their bidding.
The scene shifts to the day of Barry and Iris' wedding. Iris has planned things so that even her perennially late boyfriend will arrive on time; she has told him the nuptials take place an hour before the actual scheduled time. But as Barry is walking to the church he spots a super-speed turtle (no, I am not kidding):
So you should not look too much on the price of something, but you should look at the utility (or happiness) it gives you compared to other products with similar price.
If you are cooking at 350° the potatoes take about 30 minutes. If you are cooking at 275°, as I was to accommodate the directions for my ham, then these take about an hour.
#1 – list 10 things you really like about yourself, things you are good at, your super powers!
Tomorrow we celebrate Mother's Day- since most have already made cards for their moms, the Our Daily Bread Design's Challenge Team wants you to use one of the photos to inspire your project this week. Please let us know which photo (by number) you used.
These reflections are, as the blog itself, not meant to be done when it is posted. The Mishnah and the study of it take time, so I will return to this post and add to it when the time allows it. And of course I will make sure to notice when the last update was done.
And to the parents who brought their bug-eyed kid to the open house? The invite said the evening’s activities were “not appropriate for children.” Because of all the, you know, bed hopping stuff.
After 3 weeks in primary fermentation at 66-68 degrees it came down to 1.008 which was pretty normal and it had a great yeasty flavors of cloves, anise and black pepper. .It was real tasty as well!
I step over the paraphernalia of childhood to get to him,
SAMMS D, REED K, LEE T, BARILL S, BRANHAM D. Achieving a Corporate Goal for Influenza Vaccination Using Nurse Champions. Am J Infect Control 2004; 32: e7-e8.
FROST by Marianna Baer is a CYBILS Best Young Adult Fiction finalist for 2011.
Daniel Stern ... Bob
AU: I keep highlighting to my people that good marketing is all about identifying and meeting consumer needs, and one of the principal needs of the Pakistani consumer right now is being able to obtain things at a good value. If you are able to provide products that meet health standards, are reliable, consistently good, and can be delivered to you at a price point which meets your wallet, that is the kind of product which will do extremely well in the current economic scenario. The processed milk industry has to think along these lines now. Our latest product Dairy Omung is based on the same lines, the prices are the same as gawala milk and it still exceeds the quality of nutrition.
Let’s see.
3. Premier Book Awards
This lovely fairy, gently holding a pompom Chrysanthemum in her hands, makes a wonderful border for inspirational quotes and/or poems. She has been designed by Sara Burrier exclusively for Crafts and Me Stamps. You can find Chrysanthemum here.
Spoon into cake tin and bake for 1 hour. Remove from oven and
June 28th, 6-8 pm – Spyder Show Room/Icelantic Ski Gallery, Battery 621, Denver (Suggested Donation) – This event is a fundraiser for Edge of Seven. We will highlight the trek, celebrate our recently completed projects and be available to answer specific questions about our work in Nepal.
I’m going to be generous and give you 521 words.
So, there you go, that’s my day. Freed the slaves and cut off separate-but-equal at the pass. Go me.
I shudder to think of my tip being added to the likes of hers, but I'll give it a crack anyway. No point quitting before you've failed, right?
3. Doctor 10
abyssal avenues
Nico’s family had lived next door to Riley’s. It was a typical neighborhood; two or three kids per
“I would like to thank…” None of these ignorant people. They are just insects compared to me. I am Hollywood.
But meeting the Risen Lord had changed everything about these first disciples, and knowing the Risen Lord should also change everything about us.
When you drink a beer, the way it tastes is the result of a very deliberate set of decisions and precise actions by a brewer. Each bottle of beer you buy in shop, each pint of beer you buy over a bar is a little essay, a story of flavour, aroma, taste and texture, from a brewer to you. Is that liquid love-note enough, or do you want more from your brewers?
America has some advantages over us. Your First Amendment guarantees free speech. You have fewer Muslims that Britain statistically, and most importantly, you have faith. Judeo/Christianity is still a force to be reckoned with here. In Britain, the left triumphed in undermining religion some years ago and the defeat of Christianity as a driving force in Britain has removed a considerable obstacle to Islam.
Of course, he could also be a serial killer. In any case, make sure that the door’s unlocked and be prepared to run.
**Only if not using a poolish
Grosvenor House publishing offer authors a single publishing package priced at £795. Its aim is to include all that is necessary to set-up a book using print-on-demand digital print technology and the author services to make it available to on line retailers and book wholesalers. The package is fully detailed on their website and there is plenty of information available there for an author with questions. There are links to ‘why self publish’, book costs, royalties, costing calculators, as well as a downloadable copy of their publishing contract. The information provided is concise and well-laid out. If I have one qualm, it is, yet again, the lack of books on their website. Authors should also note that Grosvenor do not have an on line retail bookstore facility.
* A signed (with dedication) paperback copy of A Tale of Two Goblins
Then you kissed my lips, my neck and my body as your hands travelled over me
Tour is available Mon-Sun. Take into account the schedules of the Food Market and the Cathedral (see above)
Didsbury Arts Festival kicked off on Saturday. Yesterday morning I was moved to tears by the sight of these little boys playing with the Third Davyhulme Scout and Guide Marching Band outside the library. The little drummer was amazing - he did a solo, and the whole forecourt went wild.
Please drop by if you want to join me. Or if you just want to see me naked.
But since we're making caramel popcorn here, I just pour the popped popcorn into the largest mixing bowl I have (and add your toasted nuts if using), and then set it aside. Then comes the making of the caramel. In a small pot, combine butter, brown sugar, and a little bit of corn syrup (to make the popcorn shiny), and melt it all down. Once it reaches 255 F with a candy thermometer, take it off heat and add in some salt, vanilla extract, and baking soda. Then stir it up, and immediately pour it over your popcorn. Toss your popcorn with the caramel (I use two spatulas for this) until evenly coated, and pour out onto two silpat-lined baking sheets.
Till my next post...
Because on pad I wrote
“There will be a two-stage process; it’s just not physically possible to do all of this in one step. I know the president is worried about his next election. But my God, shouldn’t he be worried about the country? We have got a budget deficit of $1.5 trillion. We’re borrowing 42 cents on every dollar we spend, we have $14.5 trillion national debt. It is time to get serious about stopping the spending here in Washington, D.C.” — Speaker of the House John Boehner on Fox News
2 Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale, 12oz
and Divinty hears our prayer;
(Extracts)
“It is hard to understand why Speaker Boehner would walk away from this kind of deal and frankly, if you look at the commentary out there, there are a lot of Republicans that are puzzled as to why it couldn’t get done,” he said. “In fact, there are a lot of Republican voters out there who are puzzled as to why it couldn’t get done.”
Recently in SXSW conclave, American Express (Amex) has been appreciated for encouraging use of social media. They not only to engage their customers, but also for encouraging business to offer their products and services to amex card members enabled with geo targeting ads. And making a couponless solution.
I dance: with two left feet
Better luck next year I suppose?
So, the other day I waited in my car for the manager of a gym to show up. I read a few blogs, even if I couldn't comment. It was still nice catching up. Anyway, the manager walked inside and as I hurried to the front door--which had a mirror on it--the door opened and full-on hit me!
use the weather monitoring links here to stay up to date on developments, or to possibly catch these RADAR signatures while taking place realtime:
And above all else;
160The lakes that quiver to the curling breeze;
However, I'm not going to talk about him here. You can listen to the show on Resonance FM on the 30th April instead (I'll remind you closer to the time). What I am going to talk about here is another denizen of the Amazon, the candiru fish. Of all the weird and wonderful things I've had to research recently, this little bugger proved to be the most slippery and difficult to get a hold on.
When reading Legacy, I was really curious about London's mysterious past. Thankfully Cayla Kluver finally dished in Allegiance and I got all the dirty details. Rarely do Big Reveals like that meet my expectations, but I have to say this one satisfied me.
Why we want McMaster to act on their campus plan MINIMUM 30metre buffer between parking lots and Ancaster Creek (AKA Coldspring Creek):
Look at dams here and the path leads, at least for me, back to the question of the government’s fear of change–fear of social instability.
It was a good start to a winter campaign for Gardener in which he is targeting the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne in March, an event where he will face six of the world’s top 10 sprinters, including the world record holder, Asafa Powell of Jamaica. The European junior 100m gold medallist Craig Pickering, who is now training with Gardener at Bath under the coach Malcolm Arnold, finished runner-up in both races with 10.49 and 10.52.
We suspect a virus or parasite must have got the young guineas - they are dying at the rate of one a day or every second day. It is too pathetic to watch and there is little we can do. They are impossible to catch while they are well and by the time we can catch them it's too late to do anything. On top of that, they've taken to falling into the pool and I've rescued two in the last two days - dried them off carefully, warmed them up and discovered they smell utterly awful - a sort of sickly sweet, cloying smell that hangs around them - the scent of death, I guess one might say. Their numbers have gone from 13 to four or five in about two weeks. The parents are becoming increasingly twitchy - and who can blame them - and they can't make up their minds if I'm friend or foe. Even Mama Guinea has now taken to trying to attack me - flying straight at me the other day, claws outstretched as I fished a baby from the pool.
Pay more attention to their faith and become better people.
And so recently I told myself, why not obligate the phone with a function that I could actually feign to stomach?
Breivik's methodology, ideology and reasoning are all grounded in reality with his own eccentricity added in for good measure based upon his own minds understanding and coming to terms with his reality and role in the right-wing terrorist network he is involved with. He was a recruited and trained agent by them. Everything he says is grounded in facts that can be explained in the context of the bigger picture if you accept that there is a bigger picture. To deny the bigger picture relegates Breivik to a delusional 'lone wolf' nut recruited, radicalised and trained in bomb making and assassination through youtube, blogs and websites.
I wish I had missed
Yes, it may be difficult to replace them.
All the recommendations for people with insomnia are based on classical conditioning:
The last time I had spoken to my father on the phone, his spirits seemed lifted, he was much more lucid and I even heard him laugh, which was a sound I hadn’t heard in ages. After I hung up, I was thrilled, ran around town telling my confidantes that he was getting better, that things were looking up, that everything just might be okay after all.
"But I saw them in the evening, after the sun had gone down," was my answer.
We used my favorite seasonal flowers - peonies, roses, ranunculus and lilac - and pulled the rest from my garden. The big lesson here is that you can work with what's around your house or apartment to create something truly gorgeous. I learned so much while filming with Holly and I hope you find this video inspiring.
Here is a video about the beer.
Technically this is a very well written book. The continued use of the image of the veil and the use of the phrase “the valley of the shadow of death” invokes the Bible in a very significant way. I want to quote large parts of the text to you because they were so beautiful but I am going to limit myself to just a few:
If you have arrived here from Dandy's blog then your on the right track but if not then please start back HERE at Beckys blog .
“Though there were no police on the train, there were many other people and train staff. It even stopped once at Wolli Creek, but nobody helped us!”
It's a simple fact: if you give someone a gift, you make that person happy. Whenever opportunity arises, that person will want to give a gift back.
Perhaps it is a sign of new beginnings, as there are some shoots of hope peeking through.
ƒ How to use the Save Power Kit information guide.
Cape Town - Archbishop Emeritus Desmond Tutu has called on the media and public to stop calling Limpopo rape and murder accused Johan Kotzé the "Modimolle monster", saying that despite his alleged crimes, he is still a child of God.
I'm not sure what I'm saying - these posts are often first drafts of ideas - and I've conflated a couple here, without quite getting to the heart of either. The wondering where superstition will exist in an age where things become increasingly virtual (does the artefact become more important? Or do libraries become as empty as the church of an ancient sect?) - and the role of over-production of art in a culture that needs the over-production more than it needs the art?
Therefore, our first stop is at Kadidiri which is easily accessible from the village. Kadidiri has three separate hotels squished together on a small beach. All of the hotel prices include all three meals because tourists have no other options for finding food. Our choice is the most basic place with an outhouse, mandi (tub of water you pour over yourself with a cup) and terrible food - a piece of cake for breakfast and then fish, rice, vegetable x2, repeat daily. This must be the only tropical island in the world without fruit. But they do make up for their other deficiencies by giving us free snorkel trips and gear (sort of gear) when the more posh places charge their guests for the same.
If you missed the first installment, which provided some background information regarding Margery Clute's poetry, you can read it here.
I had a teammate who missed his senior football season not because of grades, or an injury. Chris was on his way to football practice that June morning like many mornings before and summers before. 7:30 weights and conditioning Monday, Wednesday, Friday every week, every summer. June 19, 2006 my teammates lives, my coach’s lives, my classmates’ lives, and Chris and his family’s lives were changed forever. He fell asleep at the wheel on his way to practice and the minivan he was driving crossed the yellow line into the path of a tractor-trailer. The truck driver did everything he could to avoid the collision even rolling his semi, but the collision was of such force that it is believed Chris was killed on impact. Pictures of the scene showed the engine of the minivan not in its normal spot in the front of the vehicle, but in the back seat. He didn’t stand a
Interestingly Scouse83 is also a member of Nick Griffins Security team and this individual has been name dropping and smearing Tony Ward who again is another veteran activist who was attacked with a claw hammer. As well as name dropping Tony Ward he has name dropped Peter Stafford and Peter Molloy, who people in this little group have sent vile text messages about threatening to leave the party if they didn’t get their own way because they didn’t like him, this is an individual who is clearly out to cause trouble and cannot be trusted.
Gates of Vienna — Dymphna and I — offer our best wishes to everyone who will attend the event in Aarhus. We hope your efforts will be a huge success.
It takes my sister some time to cross the stage, so we are calm when she finally reaches my father, who stands with hands folded just as he did on the day of his own graduation, serious and proper. She passes her green velvet hood to him, turning to face the audience as the deans have instructed each graduate ahead of time, then bends at the knees slightly, as if curtsying, so my father can place the hood over her head from behind. Even so, he knocks her cap slightly askew. She grins as she straightens it, and -- is it possible? -- seems to look directly at us as we wave. I wonder if my father can see us too.
$1.00 off TWO (2) Boxes of Ronzoni Smart Taste
OK, Kaden. Sounds like a plan.
And yet… I also do think that there is such a thing as “too young,” even if you’re knowledgeable and safe. Call me crazy, but I really don’t want my daughter having sex in high school – or, gods forbid, middle school. Problem is, I’m having trouble coming up with convincing arguments for why that don’t undermine the other points I want to teach…
In the current issue of a German men’s magazine for the preservation of the dominant western culture, Bahamas, next to an item in which Uli Krug defends Pope Ratzinger from nasty criticism, be found some scribblings by Sören Pünjer under the title “The spirit of Winston Churchill: in Great Britain provides the English League for the Defense of excitement and confusion (which is not linked here, please find it yourself). During this tirade, the author honestly tries to honesty present the EDL as an anti-fascist and patriotic opposition to a dark, Muslim-directed conspiracy (the abolition of English Christmas and the St. George’s Day and the introduction of Sharia law in Britain).
I was sick last week. Like really sick. Apparently my low immune system means that when I get something like strep throat it really hits me hard. I seriously didn't get off the couch for almost three days straight. I only left the house one time between last Monday night and yesterday and that was to pick up my antibiotic at the pharmacy.I don't think I would have survived if my mom hadn't watched the boys for me last week though. She picked them up at school on Tuesday and kept them until Friday so I didn't have to deal with drop off and pick up each morning and afternoon. I'm feeling much better today, though I'm still a little tired. I guess that's what a fever, sore throat, and lymph nodes swollen to the size of house will do for you:)
Millennium: The last 1000 years of the earth’s 7000-year temporal existence, the Millennium can be seen as the Sabbath coming after the long week of mortal earth. Satan will be bound, and the righteous will come forth in the first resurrection before the start of the Millennium. Just like a normal Sabbath, the Millennium will be a busy time of getting kids ready for church and attending meetings, lots of meetings. This will also be the time to correct all the mistakes in the church’s genealogy records.
Maybe if there is a good enough honk, they can both pull over and break into song together. And that will give me the opportunity to run my car into their heads and/or brains.
I also wanted to mention that I received a lovely e-mail from a gal named Marci at The Whole Knit & Caboodle. She wanted to let me know that she showed my Dotty for You card box on her blog in a National Scrapbook Day post. Oh was I flattered to be included amongst the other websites she mentioned! Please stop by and visit her. Thank you so much, Marci!
Jimmy Choo Clue satin peep-toe slingbacks; this and next at net-a-porter.com.
The one place you wish they would allow you to drink beer is?
We should be careful, here, not to confuse the strength of a material with its elasticity. It is easy to snap a biscuit in pieces but it would take much more effort to snap a poker chip of the same size and thickness. Both are plastic objects in that they do not return to their original shape when deformed but that does not mean they are equally strong materials.
Rather than teaching adults and children to find their commonalities, they are promoting “social justice.” Let us define the difference between equal justice and social justice a bit. Equal justice is what we, as Americans, and especially our founding fathers, hoped to create in this country. Equal justice is portrayed in our society by a blindfolded justice holding the scales. She is blindfolded as to not see your race, your religion, or your social status as a factor in applying the law.
‘The people didn’t say, “Hi, my name is.” They just went their separate ways after the kiss,’ Galdorisi said.
Can I get a drum roll please?
Since I got my iPad on Monday I’ve been spending some time looking for a good game to play on it. I’ve tried out a few, but the one that I keep going back to is Towers N’ Trolls HD. It’s basically a standard tower defense game, but I’m really enjoying it. There are three difficulty settings (Easy, Normal, and Hard). So far I’ve been able to get 3 out of 3 starts on all of the levels in the first area. There are a handful of levels unlocked when you get the game (it’s free on the app store) and you can unlock more with in-game gems (currency) that you earn for killing certain units. You buy/place towers and other “units” in the stages with coins that every unit “drops” when you kill them, but some units (and some situations like killing multiple units with one shot) earn you gems. You can also use the same gems to purchase upgrades for your towers like “speed” (shoot faster) and range (shoot farther) that apply to all your units as well as other gadgets. It’s 250 gems for a new level (which includes multiple stages) or 100 gems for an upgrade and if you’re impatient and don’t mind spending real money you can buy gems in the game (a la Zynga games on Facebook). What I like about the game so far is that I don’t feel like I’ll have to spend real money to unlock new levels or upgrades if I’m willing to “grind” some of the unlocked levels a few times to get more gems. I’m sure there will be some stages I play multiple times trying to get a better score.
Afterwards I asked what kind of internment the client wanted. The options are for them to take it home and bury it themselves, general cremation with no ashes returned, or private cremation with ashes returned. The first, of course, costs nothing but the latter two do have a fee, with the ashes returned option being pretty steep. She couldn't afford either cremation option and lived in an apartment with no where to bury the kitten. The doctor told me to just double bag it and put it in the dumpster. I said okay, then put the kitten in a box and snuck out to my car to bring her home. I'll bury her in our orchard in the morning.
I fight a smile.
Of course, the three most popular languages in the world are exceptions to the ananas rule. English pineapple, modeled after Spanish piña, is due to the resemblance of the fruit to a pinecone. Originally, pineapple in fact meant 'pinecone', as p<U+0133>nappel still does in Dutch. So, a contemporary translation of Linschoten can be:
I’ll be heading to NYC tomorrow to celebrate the union of a good friend and his beautiful and wonderful bride. They are a great couple and I’m very proud of him, especially considering he’s one of those nice guys who had no problem complaining about always seeming to finish last.
We all know that DLA and social care cuts are going to result in more disabled people being institutionalised. When the money to fund independent living is taken away you have no choice but to acquiesce to being banged up. Tonight's Panorama is one of many recent examples of how horrific institutionalisation is. Remember Winterbourne View?
And I love. Looove. It fell a little flat before I could get these pictures, but I think my new hair and I are going to be friends. I haven't tried styling it on my own yet, but that dear stylist assured me it's going to be all wash-and-wear from this day forward and I should style it only if I want to look extra sleek.
2-3 tablespoons cold water
Whakarewarewa Village, or to give it it’s full name Tewhakarewarewatangaoteopetauaawahiao, is a living thermal village; living in the sense that a Maori tribe still live there today. The wharepuni - homes, sit amongst the thermal pools, swirling steam and geysers that are synonymous to Rotorua, and it’s essentially a tourist attraction by day and a Maori village once the gates shut to their paying visitors at 5pm every day.
upon a set of English Scenery in red at a yard sale.
My absolute fav part of this site is the amount of templates to choose from. The styles are exactly to my personal liking and you could easily customize banners and other things. I would highly recommend EZShoppes for their user friendly site, low prices and great customer services.
Number Zero Gin has not only a curious name, but also a very unusual botanical; notably, quinine, the essential ingredient of tonic water. I was fascinated and eager to see how including quinine in the gin would affect the cocktails that it made.
Lesson learn people WORLD DOMINATION is NOT AN EASY JOB ITS A DEDICATION, the story is simple win your HAREM a HEUG HAREM at that and DOMINATE THE WORLD cause your “Imouto”/”Legal Wife” says so. Well ejoy this pleasingly hard game least its not as hard as “that certain space game” hahahaha. the CGs well its Oyari doing all the coloring from the various artist contributed sp yeah expect the consistency but for Kenshin she still uses the same render from Rance so yeah. ENJOY YOUR DEDICATION
Not really much to report today. We had a horrid doughy scone spread with thick margarine that stuck to the roof of your mouth for breakfast in a bakery in Renmark. Then rode 150 gentle kilometers into Mildura which is quite a large town in the north of Victoria.
"SO THERE!"
5.blood n guts n rock n roll
BOOOOORING.
In the interview on the DVD, Ibáñez Serrador says he thinks the one mistake he made with the film was putting the opening sequence at the beginning rather than the end. Ending with those scenes of atrocity would have certainly been jarring, and might, indeed, have worked better: we would have been happily cheering on the killing of children, maybe a little uncomfortable at the thought, but nonetheless content that it was all "just a movie" and then we would have had proof that no, in fact, our willingness to kill children is not confined to killing the demonic ones in movies.
Week 12 at Miami: The Seahawks and Dolphins both eyed changes at Quarterback in the offseason. After both falling out of the Peyton Manning sweepstakes, Seattle turned to be more appealing as Matt Flynn came to the northwest. Miami drafted Ryan Tannehill, who will attempt to duel with Flynn in this week 12 matchup. The Seahawks lost a close one in 2008 to the Dolphins 21-19.
Anyway, I got home to a crock pot full of pork tenderloin and bbq sauce. Easy as shit, delicious.
suffering forever more
Tell me, how does a girly girl wear these ugly things? I'm going to have to develop a whole new mind set about athletic clothing. Well, maybe as long as it's Lululemon athletic clothing, I guess I can suck it up and feel a little fashionable while I'm walking.
That is a false dichotomy. The dead can be remembered while serious, albeit uncomfortable, questions are still asked:
She went to the city and got so so sadity
I'd like to enter this card in the following challenges:
For Tobin and Delia, everything was always equal.
This is a gross disservice to both the affected business owners, seeking protection from the abuse caused by such legislative based marketing, and the Ohio Constitution, which takes great pains to emphasize the importance of individual property rights.
All noise is muffled by cotton wool clouds
Just for the record, Ikea has no intention in getting into the electronics industry, so far.
Unfortunately there are pubs around that are not rough pubs. These types of pubs think they can tell me what to wear and think they are doing people a favour by allowing people in to spend their own hard earned money.
Surprising? Not really. When companies need to cut capacity, they tend to chop operations far from home first.
Surely the mutual exclusivity of these two statements is patently obvious....isn't it? Is the electorate stupid enough to not see that you can't be both of these things? Maybe if you're an outfielder who comes to the majors from Tripe A and goes 6-10 in his first two games of the new season. ("He's batting .600 & leading the majors in hitting, but do we really know what he's got?") Outside of something that ridiculous, both of these statements cannot be true.
It was hard to leave at the end of our stay in Arizona. We had so much fun playing and shopping! Gabriel loves seeing Mim-mim and Papa Ray and has a hard time saying goodbye at the airport. So far, he has been able to visit them at least once a year. Hopefully that will continue!
$5 at the door before 10 / $10 after
It has been a long time since I have written a blog post, but today it is needed. It seems everything that has happened in the past 18 months has been blamed on bush. The problem is, it is time for Obama and Congress to stand up and fix the mess they have caused. Millions of people are without unemployment as I write. This post is directed at the Republicans as well as the Dems. They seem to be able to pass health care, finacial reform and any other cause they please as long as it lines thier own pockets. Never giving on thought to those who need help.
The tomatoes, peppers, and eggplant were all started about 2 weeks earlier than last year and have now been transplanted out into little pots and are sitting on my cabin table with a light on them. The fruit trees are all budding out and have flowers. The comfrey and rhubarb are popping up everywhere and the bed by the greenhouse most of all. Those plants are already full of leaves and nearly a foot tall. If they don't get killed off by the cold I could probably get a rhubarb harvest in another week or two! Is that normal?
On the other hand, some are super healthy and can add nutrition to your every meal. Here are my favorite picks for the healthiest condiments for a lean energetic body: (And by the way, if you have a favorite and a recipe, I would love for you to share it!)
(P.S.: I did two things odd here. One, I intentionally called God “He” tonight; He is my father in this moment, no matter his true gender definition. Two, I signed with my name. Not sure why, but I did. Take that as you will.)
Make the proposal a way to cheer her up: Wait until the perfect opportunity, such as at a relative’s funeral.
Vinegar marinated carrots - 2
#2. Abita Amber
I laid out several sight words around our play/school room and put a bug on each one (you don't need the bugs, though).
Regular concepts I mix on daily basis.
Saving time is a big attraction for clients. Take physiotherapist Urvi Shelar, who often finds herself with little time to go luxury shopping. “When you’re spending a considerable amount on a designer item, you don’t want to hurry it,” she says. This is where the store Dressing Room comes to her rescue. Often it’s the owner, Chirag Dattani, who drops by at her place to take her through the selected options. He also gives her style tips. “The system works well for me. I have shopped for occasion wear from The Dressing Room after home trials,” says Shelar.
Bright nights?
No stopping is need here,
And tag 8:
However, I'm also totally exasperated that instead of using a whole world of pointless hyperbole - like calling it a 'premium plus' experience - they didn't focus on what makes it so different, which really is PR 101 and something that they really need to focus on communicating if they want to try and claw back some sort of credibility.
I’ll add my usual warning: this is not a fast-paced novel. Yes, it has an interesting plot, but no, it is not a fast plot because The Tale of the Body Thief is a character-driven novel. Anne Rice has wonderfully sensual descriptions and a compelling writing style, but as with all of the books in the Vampire Chronicles, The Tale of the Body Thief contains explicit sex scenes and other mature content. I would recommend it for ages 14 and up.
and we'll dance a highland-reel
I started reading Suzanne Collins’ The Hunger Games on a random Thursday afternoon. Four days later, I finished Mockingjay.
THEN - on Sunday morning I pulled a muscle in my neck and I could barely turn my head.... wonder what's going on inside my musculature system? Eh?
Deadline for submission of intention to submit: May 15, 2012
He looks dressed for a funeral, but I guess he sort of is because after this interview I’ll be mourning the death of what little social life I had to begin with. If that’s what it takes to get Micah back, though, it’s more than worth it.
All Jan Bijkersma and his sister Hiltje wanted to do was hug and kiss their parents when they returned from holiday.
Perhaps one day, they'll have one big reunion for multiple classes. That would be great. I would actually go.
So we made a couple of water drop offs to houses of pastors in two distinct communities who haven’t sceen much relief come by. Again, we put the pastors in charge of distribution. As community leaders, they were happy to do so and can carry it out in a more peaceful, controlled way. Thanks to cash arriving from a friend of CONASPEH, we were able to also provide the pastors with a little cash in order to buy food to help feed the community. One pastor told us that his tent city hasn’t eaten in 3 days. I pray tonight they at least eat rice.
Good book. Highly recommended.
A Starbucks now stands in the place of the tavern.
I tried six or so bows and decided on the recurve you see in the image. I've got alot of practicing to do but I've got a knack for it I think. My goal for the next 3 months is to to be able to put 80-90% of my arrows into a 7" circle from a variety of ranges. Thus far I've been shooting from 13-18 yards but would like to have accuracy up to 30 - 40 yards. I'm initially just working on having good form and building up strength in all the muscles involved. My intent is to shoot 60 arrows a day though I expect it will be a month or so before I can do that everyday. I'll work up to it.
This is Fred by the way, the leader of that one church that protests soldier funerals by saying God hates you and shit. It's pretty nasty. I mean yea some people don't like the military, but dude come on those soldiers are deceased and that's their family.
Put down your iPad and get your cultured cap on for April. It’s hotting up this Easter in the art and design world, some perfect viewing for a free bank holiday…or two.
‘I had to smother her. First he wanted me to strangle her; I said, ‘No, I’m not putting my hands on her.’ He said, ‘Use the pillow.’ After it was all said and done, I went back to the neighborhood and nobody said a word.’
But we can, we have and we are. Because, just as children play the game of trust, we're free- falling backwards into our Father's arms, knowing He will always catch us.
But where Anarchist practice really triumphs is in the course of everyday life among common people who would not be able to endure their dreadful struggle for existence if they did not engage in spontaneous mutual aid, putting aside differences and conflicts of interest. When one of them falls ill, other poor people take in his children, feeding them, sharing the meagre sustenance of the week, seeking to make ends meet by doubling their hours of work. A sort of communism is instituted among neighbors through lending, in which there is a constant coming and going of household implements and provisions. Poverty unites the unfortunate in a fraternal league. Together they are hungry; together they are satisfied …
The family-oriented Fun Ford Weekend Series is run by each of the tracks that host the events. Each track creates its own event schedule, racing structure, car show, and if adequate space, will also have autocross competition. The goal of the series is to get as many automotive enthusiasts that have a passion for the Ford brand to participate, celebrate and enjoy the events. For more information on Fun Ford Weekend, visit www.funfordweekend.com.
Outside of these full-length reviews, Amazon quotes have been just as kind so far too, going so far as to call it “a recommended read for those interested in video games, video game development or the logistics of organizing lots and lots of pizza”. Which can’t be too bad. My own university even chucked a press release about it on their news site. They didn’t mention that I never actually graduated.
Is there anything else I can help you with, Gimme?
If we truly want the twilight we dreamed of to become a joyous reality and not a time of heartache and regret, then we must be certain that from our earliest years our dreams are focused on the One who waits for us at the end of that twilight time. With God at the center of all we do and say and think, then the inevitable fading of twilight into darkness will be washed away in the brilliant burst of Sonlight that waits to show us the way home. Even the most difficult trials or visions of evil, such as those seen by the prophet Isaiah, cannot stand up to the glory that shall one day be revealed in those of us who belong to the One who has already conquered the regrets and disappointments that lurk at twilight.
Exsoteric: And finally - if you were (or indeed are) to design a dress for Kate Middleton, what would it look like and why?
Here is what you need to do to be in the drawing for these SIX prizes: Hop to each blog listed below, leaving a comment for each designer Return here to this post and let us know you completed the hop and left comments for each designer, or make note of any you could not comment on In this same comment, answer the question on the ODBD Blog
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!
5) Compost should be ready in 3 to 4 months – just what I’m looking for!
Green, related to nature, is considered tranquil and refreshing. Perhaps due to the Irish it is also considered lucky. Being in the centre of the colour spectrum, it is the colour of balance.
That's what I thought I needed anyway, DoctorDotty had a different opinion.
Just another thing more wonderful,
Our public universities are not used to such competition, and may end up decomposing into a stultifying heap of monotonous, mediocre institutions unless autonomy is granted first.
Don’t worry Ms. fancy Pants this is not going to be a post about the most fraudulent MVP in NBA history…Derrick Rose. Well lets just say it is rather hard to compare an ELITE and truly GIFTED athlete to you and myself for that matter. Mr. Rose was playing not for fun but rather for some serious hardware, the Larry O’Brien Championship trophy. There is a massive chasm between his level of talent and you running a 5k, a marathon or flopping around in the mud. Deal with it…Now do you remember the picture from yesterday? Good. When you have your creative thinking cap properly fitted feel free to play along (trust me this is fun…). Crop his image out and place your pretty little smile in there, No fussing about it, Do it! Now what do we have? Oops lets change games missed to: Birthday parties, marathons and life’s little events…One more thing: Change “This Season” to “My Life”…There that looks pretty spot on now.
happy chance
Indeed, there is only honor. Serving the Matrix is where lie the rewards. Those who oppose the Matrix are the outcasts whose efforts might, as in the film, save the race of humans from the domination of evil, or else, if they lose, confine the outcasts to prosecution and death.
Now, this is taking the biscuit. How many authors approach a publisher asking this question? And who is really selling to who now?
252 brush: A large shader brush that I find great for the browbone area. I don't have the full size one which I know is much softer than my short-handled SE one.
Well, last week the silly light went off, they decided to replace the sensor and hopefully that would fix the problem. It didn't! The morning after the replacement was made, I went into my garage, walked to my car, and nearly stepped into a BIG puddle of pink, oily liquid....transmission fluid....all over my garage floor! Hmmmm, that can't be good! I don't know much about cars, but even I could figure out I shouldn't drive it when the transmission fluid was all over my floor!
The malt bill was made up of 9 different malts, ranging from Pale Maris Otter to Roasted Barley & almost everything in between, the hops used were Chinook for backbone & Brambling Cross for flavour (no need to over-complicate big stout hopping) added to the boil was a good weight of Muscavado sugar, we had a mammoth four hour boil on this beer to make sure we hit all our numbers.
Anyway, the big hungry monster in me is mostly quiet, it isn't like I am constantly tortured.
So what do you think of our idea?
"It goes livery even easier that the other. Frankly, it is an ugly red. No point in going any further with it. It was also a bit more difficult to strike than the other one. Did not like! LOL!!"
24: 2:45-2:50 – Coolidge Corner
I wrote the following note to invite my guests to the Living Room Conversation which took place on December 4th. Now I’d like to invite both individuals and organizations to use the materials on our websiteto have a living room conversation and then tell us about it! We have so much to learn and together! This holiday season I’m dreaming of tens of thousands of Living Room Conversations happening across our nation next year.
GR:FS is shaping up to be a pretty solid shooter with awful Kinect controls crowbarred into the mix and therefore doesn’t need this coverage. More importantly, games don’t need this kind of coverage. This advert is self serving and lazy, to say the least. It does nothing to introduce or excite ‘new’ fans. It’s only there for the titilation of 14 year old boys who have already decided they’ll get the game as ‘CODs 4 FagS!!1!’ and that ‘BF3 Blowz!’
I went to watch it one rainy day a few weeks after the opening and was almost alone there. Having read reviews which claimed the duck-movie was a turkey that no one could save, I had low expectations but had decided to give the Duck a chance. After all the idea to transfer the comic book hero Howard the Duck to the screen wasn’t all bad. It was just in many ways poorly executed and hard to do in a convincing way back in the 1980s before CGI and other digital technology was available for moviemaking. As soon as I saw Howard on-screen I saw he was obviously an actor in a duck suit, but that didn’t stop me from being sucked into the story more and more. From my point of view I had much in common with Howard the Duck at that time in my life.
Missionaries? Give us the scoop on the people you are serving and how we can pray for you. Please leave a link to your website in your comment so readers can learn more about you and what you are doing.
Mr. Tango Collins (taken aback, but not completely deterred): I'll ask you again in a bit - and I expect you to say yes, because you are just playing hard to get to make me want to dance with you even more.
Last week Wednesday we had our 1st official OB appt. Ever since we made the appt about 4 weeks before, we were so excited to hear Baby's heartbeat and see how much baby had grown over the last few weeks. We got into the room and the doctor used the doppler to see if we could hear. Baby was measuring at 10 weeks(which was a week behind), so she said it could be a little early yet to hear. So she said we will do an ultrasound instead. We went across the hall and did an ultrasound and we saw baby, but it was not a good enough picture. So she sent me down to the Hospital so that they could do an internal u/s(Sorry TMI) and when we saw baby I could tell that there was no flicker on the monitor like I could see in my other u/s a few weeks before. The tech waited a few more minutes and then we heard the words, " I'm so sorry, there is no heartbeat." We were devastated. The tech left the room and we just held each other sobbing.
They knew this play would not end in death
Had been built years ago
This blog is a new beginning. A chance to speak of the technical aspects of my photography, my inspirations, my hopes for the future and the process of taking my hobby to another level. This is a beginning, from buying a camera (since someone was kind enough to steal the one I had in Cambodia) to choosing the right lens (since that same person helped himself to my best ones as well lol) to selecting locations and so on and so forth.
We scarfed our entrees down and I completely forgot to take pictures. Meat is meat, right?
We have a new addition to our little family...a beautiful little black kitten named Amos. His best friend is Blue-dog, and he slept curled up in the crook of our Dane's leg last night. All in all, he's super cute.
Today the Israeli government evacuated a tiny 'outpost' in the Binyamin section of the yesha(the Jewish part of Judea and Samaria, AKA the West Bank ) called Maoz Esther.
It is time to finish all my Lofty, (Yes~sometimes whimisical) Goals, and Projects!
Wedding We are less than 5 months from our wedding! Yikes! We are certainly pinching pennies right now to make sure we can save enough to cover all of our costs, but this added expense for day care is going to injure our bottom line for the wedding. I've already signed some deposits and contracts and such so we are in it regardless, its just a matter of coming up with it all, as we are hosting our wedding.
Although the flak machines steadily attack the mass media, the media treat them well. They receive respectful attention, and their propagandistic role and links to a larger corporate program are rarely mentioned or analyzed. AIM head, Reed Irvine’s diatribes are frequently published, and right-wing network flacks who regularly assail the “liberal media,” such as Michael Ledeen, are given Op-Ed column space, sympathetic reviewers, and a regular place on talk shows as experts. This reflects the power of the sponsors, including the well-entrenched position of the right wing in the mass media themselves.
Greece is the canary in the coal mine for the EU, UK, and the US. Every austerity measure proposed by the Greek government is swiftly met with demonstrations and in many cases riots.
After moving to Houston, getting married, and then having our first son, I felt drawn to sing at our church and be a part of worship leading as a background singer. I felt the calling, but I didn’t understand it. Even meeting with the worship leader at the time, I never would have expected him to ask me to sing with him and the team for the next two years. But, he did. That is when I began to sing, to really sing again. Nearly seven years ago. When the calling that God has on my life began to really become clear to me. I was a wife, a new mother of an infant and I was living in a new city. And, I finally started listening to the right voice.
Wilderness at the edge of Bushwick
Justin Torres's tiny novel "We the Animals" - I can't get over it, keep re-reading it. Oh man. A novel in 140 pages, these bombshell tiny chapters. Reading it feels like living a whole life. A life is inside there. It feels like some kind of miracle, what he did.
I see humanity or vanity;
1/8 cup parmesan
“What exactly transpired – we’re still trying to gather information,” said officer John Chambers, another police spokesman.
As a ward visitor I have been told by many patients that their physical needs are ignored while doctors focus on their mental health condition. Not being listened to will more often than not make us more depressed. The key is to not let them ignore you and to do it in a non threatening way. People with a mental health problem on average, die 20 years younger than those without them. Doctors are frequently ignoring people with mental illnesses, people have died because they have not been listened to (click here to visit Rethink’s webpage on the issues and view their campaign).
Part of it is the fact we're used to seeing ourselves in the mirror, with our faces in reverse, so when we see them the right way round, they look a bit odd to us. Very, very few of us have perfectly symmetrical faces.
Please read and understand each product's descriptions carefully. By purchasing these items, you accept this policy.
It went together really easily, this despite the fact my sewing machine was having the mother of all mardy fits and kept snapping the thread, looping stitches, having tension traumas etc etc…I changed the needle, changed it for a smaller one, changed the upper tension, the lower tension, swore, cursed, took the pins out before sewing over them……I got there in the end but it needs looking at, I think…..a service is long overdue!
May 13—Mothers’ Day—DARK
2) We can instead simply change our responses (R) to the events (E) – the way thing are- until we get the outcomes (R) we want.
We want you to concentrate on what YOU are good at: making beautiful jewellery, creating soaps, beauty products and stunning crafts. And we would like the world to know what you do.
God: “I am giving you life.” “You need Me.”
For me it is salvation… hope, freedom. It’s in my heart. It is the finest definition of myself. I reminds me every time we are part of something far bigger then our imaginations allows us to understand.
That verse has been recited more times than any other in our house. By far. And it helps adjust our attitudes.
Born in Shizuoka Japan August 31, 1965, Bessho’s hobbies include singing, piano and studying English. In 1992 he won the Japanese Academy Award for best actor in the category of new comer. His stage appearances include the Japanese productions of Les Miserables (2003) and You’re In Town (2004).
I'm a sap when it comes to weddings and I will admit that I cried once or twice during the ceremony. (As an aside, I also cry when I watch TLC's A Baby Story...people giving birth gets me every time.) I also gave a little cheer when they had their first kiss(es) on the balcony. And how cute was the little attendant who put her hands over her ears as they were kissing? She'll probably grow up being recognized as 'that little girl.' CUTE!
Technically, the Governor was not a governor. He had merely instituted himself as the leader of a group of refugees who had joined forces to survive. The Governor had cemented his role as leader through violence. He arrived one day with a handful of seedy looking characters who literally beat everyone else into submission on his behalf. The Governor and his minions lived like kings taking whatever they wanted whenever they wanted it and forcing the other inhabitants of the high school building where they resided to work for them as if they were indentured servants.
On at least four occasions, MSNBC's Chris Matthews mocked Sarah Palin for how he felt she'd do if she were ever on the hit television game show Jeopardy!.
Arismendi and his colleagues considered more than 600 gauging stations for the study but only 20 of the stations had a sufficiently lengthy period of monitoring – and lacked human influence. These long-term monitoring sites are operated primarily by the U.S. Geological Survey and U.S. Forest Service, and were located in Oregon, Washington, Idaho, California, Nevada and Alaska.
2. “Stay Schemin” by Rick Ross ft. Drake & French Montana
Over at our house, I made a German Puff Pancake for the very first time (haven't posted it on my blog yet) and the kids and I loved it. We especially had fun peeking through the oven window watching the pancake jump as it puffed up and baked in our cast iron skillet.
I see myself as a sadist
Thanks to everyone that played in our orange challenge. I am so ready for real fall weather to arrive. Here in Oklahoma we can still wear shorts and t-shirts.
Essence Liquid Ink eyeliner
Brooklyn is always the one in the cowboy boots.
“Playboy” feat. Lloyd Banks
Simon Harrington hears a woman cry and sees two footmen accost a female. He rescues Laura and takes her to a home where sisters Eva and Noelle sponsor a school to rescue courtesans. Laura fears her patron Earl of Westwick who held her prisoner for fourteen months in a locked room while torturing her; she expects him to kill her. He was selling Sabine as he called her at an auction when she escaped.
**Below: From probably my favourite moment of 2010. I was shooting an amazing session at Santa Monica beach in Los Angeles, California earlier this year....watching THIS most beautiful sunset...it was the most incredible I had ever seen in my life. By my side was my husband at that moment. And we were enjoying life. That's what it is all about :) **
This book answers every question that I ever asked her about trip planning and financing, and many more, things like how to take a leave of absence from your job, how to fund a big trip, how to decide on an itinerary, and how to deal with the smack in the face that is real life upon returning from an epic adventure.
Eva Marie Garroutte, Boston College
Oh, and of course there’s the “Ask Dayton” segment, which continues unabated for reasons surpassing all understanding. This week’s question? Behold, yo:
For example, who could resist stopping at the Enaville Resort and Snake Pit? Or Soap Lake? Or Flaming Geyser State Park? Or the Railroad Interpretive Center? Half the fun is trying to guess where these names come from. “Moses Lake. Does it occasionally part itself?” Turns out Moses Lake is parted by the Interstate, which cruises through the center of the lake on a strip of land as thin as the proverbial prophet’s miraculous staff. Then there was the Molly B’Damned Motel. The name raises the obvious question: who was Molly? An ex-wife? An unsupportive mother-in-law? An unhelpful real estate agent? A nay-saying neighbor? Whoever she was, somebody sure showed her.
Contact information: melissabynesbrooks@comcast.net
JamesVahn007
Universe, letting it be known that he wanted to make gig posters for a living!).
Eyenkorin, on the
LAST POST – SILENCE SEEMS TO SAY
Happy Australia Day! Ok, well Australia Day is really tomorrow but I wanted this pattern to be available a little early. These tiny paper Waratah flowers are really easy to make and you can do the earring set in under an hour. Plus, you probably have all the materials on hand! How cool is that?
everyone to make a hole in the top of their hot soufflé and pour in some very
8-9: "Bodin asked if the commitments of the prince to the estates or to the people dissolve his sovereignty. He answered by referring to the case in which it becomes necessary to violate such commitments, to change laws or to suspend them entirely according to the requirements of a situation, a time, and a people. If in such cases the prince had to consult a senate or the people before he could act, he wold have to be prepared to let his subjects dispense with him. Bodin considered this an absurdity because, according to him, the estates were not masters over the laws; they in turn would have to permit their prince to dispense with them. Sovereignty would thus become a play between two parties: Sometimes the people and sometimes the prince would rule, and that would be contrary to all reason and law. Because the authority to suspend valid law -- be it in general or in a specific case -- is so much the actual mark of sovereignty, Bodin wanted to derive from this authority all other characteristics (declaring war and making peace, appointing civil servants, right of pardon, civil appeal, and so on)."
NICHOL KL, LIND A, MARGOLIS KL, et al. The effectiveness of vaccination against influenza in healthy, working adults. N Engl J Med 1995; 333: 889-893.
A No10 spokesperson told the newspaper: ‘We are very pleased to be able to showcase British artists to the many visitors from across the world who come to Number 10.I am sure the artwork will conjure up the feelings the country has for Mr Cameron.’
I tried many seeds in the raised bed – okura, tomato, carrot…. Nothing germinated. But one day these incredibly strong seeds appeared to germinate – and so quickly – bitter gourd. I had tried sowing them in this spot, but they also could have come from the compost as I had bought the vegetable at Tesco, eaten them and composted the seeds. Of course, at this time I had no idea what they were. They are climbers, and eventually they took over the entire pergola. They fruited like crazy for two months, and I cooked them, froze them, juiced them, and eventually cut down the vines and composted them once their lifespan was complete. The biggest success so far.
Halcon Corportation: Information Technology Internship
soy sauce, Korean chili flakes, sesame seeds, sesame oil, garlic, green onion, and shrimp powder.
Frustration about the so-called incorrectly named man-made 'carbon emissions' which of course is Carbon Dioxide emissions and what it is supposedly doing to our planet
You would think that a food blogger would be crazy against meal replacement shakes. But these are so good and there are hundreds of recipes so I actually feel like I'm indulging instead of denying. I mean, how many people can say they had German Chocolate Cake for breakfast and it wasn't cheating?? LOL!!
There we sat in a crowd of 28,000 people cheering for the home team Bucs! It seemed like the weight an entire city was riding on every pitch. It was so intense that I didn’t even mind the three year old sitting behind me who literally kicked the back of my chair for nine innings. There was the perogi race, the weiner toss, the t-shirt toss, and the perfect coordination of the ground’s crew who came out every three innings to drag the infield. There was the standing and singing of God Bless America in the seventh inning and the follow-up during the stretch of Take Me Out to the Ball Game. Have you ever heard 28,000 people singing Take Me out to the Ball Game? It is quite truthfully a sound to behold. There were the fireworks and the roar of 28,000 people in the seventh inning when Pirates rookie Pedro Alvarez walloped a homerun kicking off a rally that eventually gave the Bucs the win.
These two dresses are from TJ Maxx. The purple dress was $14.99, and the grey was $16.99. TJ Maxx is sooo nice when you are on a budget like me. We had another blizzard two days ago. I can't wait for the snow to melt and the weather to go back to normal so I can wear these!
I would like to write that we have finally planted out all the sets but it would be a lie. Instead I am ensconced in my armchair ripping the Financial Times into 3.5 inch strips. I then take the strips and make what else? More seeding pots.
And, in between, were the middle-sized,
Without music blogs I would probably also have missed this- the Prins Thomas remix of The Grid's classic 1990 Floatation single, stretched out, zhizzed up and as dreamy as yesterday's Brian Eno remix. The music blog in question was Nolan Micron's Castles In Space, which continues to provide top quality tunes. When I was in Piccadilly Records a while back I found a copy of this on 10" vinyl. Circle completed.
Hello fans! I have been so super busy which is so awesome! :) Today I am working on some new ideas, and again some fan inspired pieces. I had a wonderful fan ask if I could make a crochet handbag for little girls for easter dresses, etc. She even sent a link to what she was looking for. This was great because I had been thinking of creating something along the same lines. Today I'm working on the prototype for the spring girls bag. I'm so excited!
Yes, surrendering our beliefs is to be free from religious fundamentalism and creed (represented by the tree of knowledge of good and evil), and we will find ourselves at the tree of life, where stories are meant to be a mystery that is subject to seasons of contextual relevance, which is ultimately subjective and is meaningful to each person in their own way, as they find hope and peace in their personal interpretations of the divine mystery.
Chef Jamie Thomas has created a menu littered with Iberian snacks, from bite-sized pintxos of kingfish pastrami and olives, to platos grande that includes slow cooked beef cheeks cooked in Pedro Ximenez. The restaurant menu -- available in the large dining room at the back -- is more comprehensive, but we're happy with the pared down pub menu, having settled in with beers and ciders at the bar.
Before to joining this group, I was living with Jk and Biga in a house, where the neighbours were mostly Brahmin and Royal families. The atmosphere was cool and energetic with morning bells from temples, birds singing melodious songs and children playing in the verandas. We used to cook at home and used to chitchat and do mischief.
Registration begins at 1.30pm and the seminar itself kicks off at 2.00pm. Speakers are Dr Dolores Cassidy (Irish Patents Office), Dr Micaela Modiano (Modiano & Partners), Hugh Goodfellow (Carpmaels & Ransford) and Michael Burdon (Olswang LLP).
I recently had my first trip to Las Vegas and it was definitely interesting! I've been wanting to go for so long and never had the opportunity. My husband has to go there frequently for business, so he doesn't see it as a vacation spot. Since it was an elusive destination for me, it obviously becomes more enticing. My husband once read a quiz to me: "What is your dream vacation? A. an island retreat B. European tour C. weekend in Las Vegas". He was surprised when I said Las Vegas. Of course I would've said Europe, but I pointed out Las Vegas because I hadn't been there yet!
The malt backbone is a little sterner this year with the inclusion of some dark malts which provide a rich hue and enough sweetness to balance the generous notes provided by the hops. There are three distinct ‘levels’ to this beer with an initial toffee-ish malt starter and a crisp almost clanging bitter finish which stays a good while and leaves politely. In between is a little package of tangy little bangs which I can’t yet identify. Maybe the rest of the six-pack will reveal the secret to me.
The rains fall endlessly and the streets are flooded. I see these women trudge through the mud to make it to the Gurudwara to fulfill their obligation of selfless service. They will prepare the meal for close to 100 people. Some are young but most are old, grandmothers. Their bodies are hardened with the burden of their many children and the tough work of each woman in this village. They carry the hardships of their families gracefully, bearing the pains their children suffer and the maladies their husbands bring home. They are responsible for holding the family together in an environment that is slowly eroding their sense of identity.
I now have to make another trip to a store, somewhere, to find a lamp, or a switch, or something to satisfy my needs.
5/25 – Montreal, QC @ Il Motore
And such borrowing becomes problematic if the money isn’t paid back, or if it is, if it’s paid back at less than full value, either due to financial haircuts or inflation.
On the final day of the conference, the participants visited the exhibition of Count Aleksey Bobrinskoy held at the Russian Museum of Ethnography in Saint Petersburg. The exhibition was devoted to the 150th birth anniversary of this outstanding Russian scholar, who made original contributions to research in the field of traditional art and culture of Russian people, as well as the peoples of the Pamirs.
The businessman, who is married and the father of three children, initially denied the allegations but pleaded guilty in December 2011 to child molestation charges and was to face statutory rape charges last month.
Sometimes I feel like a female Larry David. That's a good thing. Yeah, I'm your Caucasian. (You have to be a Curb fan to get that.)
The dress was a complete surprise, an experiment gone right, and way better in real life than photo. I love it! There is also a cardi and wrap I haven't photographed.
Yes, I am a very bad blogger. It is not that I don't want to but finding the time is difficult.
However, we should no forget that the “R” word is a multi-purpose tool and its uses are not just defensive, it is at its most effective when it is used as an offensive weapon with which to bludgeon opponents or as a smear in order to damage the reputation of those who refuse to dance the diversity foxtrot.
“We wanted to explain why this issue is about preserving fundamental rights on the internet, and not just about getting free films or pop music,” says Engstrom.
Therefore, starting Monday, whenever I return essays all marked up in the brightest, most blood red ink I can find, I will first stand at the front of the class and, as loudly as humanly possible, snap on some ominous looking doctor's gloves. Then I will pick up the stack of essays, and as I return the first one - to the most obnoxious student in the room, I will say in my most resonating bass voice, "Now turn your head and cough."
I can't wait till all of these kids drop out after the midterms. Fuck newfags who don't even have the decency to put a minimal effort into learning the material.
Clicky links:
Attempting to cut the concrete like icing on our wedding cake, whilst the wonderful lady who made it for us watched on praying the knife would go through!
Fried Herring
We're so thankful for adoption.
Apple: I’ve mentioned the Mac-loving, Prius-driving California hipster stereotype before. It’s because Apple’s advertisements seem to cater to hipsters; they use indie music in their commercials as well. And since hipsters are all about being hip, and Apple is all about being hip, they’re the perfect couple.
Secondly, we implore the more artistically-minded amongst our dear readers and listeners to help us out with yet another podcast/radio-related item--of course, I'm speaking of the IllCon Radio T-Shirt Design Contest!
Gayle R. Greene, 51, Montville, N.J.
It is always wonderful to walk into a wine tasting room and witness the passion that the staff and owners have for their wine. The first time I went to Middelvlei I fell in love with their Free-Run Pinotage, their passion for their wines and on leaving I felt as though I was a part of the family. Middelvlei is the home of the Momberg family who have been wine farming since 1919.
Dr Shea
Today I looked back on my life so far, and I realized that I’ve never felt quite at home here. Lately this feeling of being misplaced has grown in me, misplaced but perhaps not placed haphazardly.
“Yes,” I replied.
The candle sits in the dining room. Saturday mornings, instead of running, I dust, sweep, vacuum, and mop before taking my mother to breakfast. I've not lit the candle in months--but it will be lit after school is out. I'm going to get the last bastion of clutter: the desk and file
What God says in His scripture about how He formed us and has a plan for our lives.. gives not only me hope for my life, others lives, but also the lives of our future children. It's amazing how BIG our God is.......
With that said, I still felt so lazy compared to this people. It was obvious each and everyone had worked hard to be in this particular marathon. I mean it’s hard to train and still find time to play your tambourine.
One of the biggest characteristics of a Proverbs 31 woman I see in Mama is that of strength. In fact, my dad even talked about her strength in his sermon Sunday morning. Any of the measly bit of strength I have, I get from my Mama for sure! Not only is she able to carry more than most men, she is able to handle more than most too. She has always worked to help support our family, and she has always been a full-time stay at home mom too. Those two things alone are difficult to do simultaneously. My mom has always taken every difficult, embarrassing, emotional, sad, or painful moment in stride...usually inserting humor where possible. Laughter through tears...or laughter instead of tears. Taking care of my sister, brother, and I full time...even now! Also taking care of my dad, who pastors a large church in my hometown. In case you don't know what the life of a pastor's family is, please take the time to ask a preacher's family. Meaning a child or spouse. Now that I have married into a family of doctors...I pretty much liken them to each other. Preachers' families do not have the luxury of designated "family days." Ministers' families share their dad (or mom) with the entire church. And we are more than happy to do so. Because my mom raised us to be that way. My parents both raised us as members of a church family...not just a congregation. My mother selflessly gave her husband to our church family, and she has never complained. In the meantime, she was our taxi driver, macaroni and cheese cooker, forgotten homework and lunch deliverer, field trip partner, back scratcher, problem fixer, laughter inciter, application organizer, tax filer, insurance question answerer, medicine giver, sickness diagnoser, tear wiper, embellished story teller, book fair worker, Girl Scout cookie director, foot rubber, apartment mover, errand runner, house cleaner, video taker, cheerleading camp gift giver, camp letter writer, spelling test reviewer, school project savior, party planner, and memory maker. She was all those things...and still is! These past few years, we have watched my mother take care of her own parents. Moving them both multiple times to separate living quarters, sitting with them through hospitals stays, rubbing lotion on their aging and neglected feet, repeating time and time again where they each were and when she would visit again, making anniversaries and birthdays special in the most unlikely places, preparing for a funeral, giving her own outfit for Nonnie's burial since green was Nonnie's favorite color, making sure every insurance payment was made correctly, taking care of bills and land and a lifetime of possessions, selling their family home, traveling 8 hours in one day to make a visit or take care of their business, knowing exactly what long term health care versus Medicare versus everything else covers, and never talking about it. We have also had the privilege of watching my mother help my dad take care of his mother. From washing her clothes during rehab stays, transporting her to hair and doctor appointments, and picking her up for church to plunging toilets and racing to the emergency room. We have seen her be and do all these things. We have learned strength from her.
It's a sweet little movie with no surprises.
It's easy to make the mistake of believing a scene simply moves the plot forward by unfolding action or revealing information. It does that, but to be effective, a scene also has to establish a specific goal the main character wants to achieve, develop conflict that blocks the character from getting what she wants, and add complications to the plot as the character fails to reach her goal and must react to disaster.
So, what if my husband was in a horrible car wreck today?
Once the Krotons stop being all crystalline slurry they form into what looks remarkably like taller versions of the Quarks. The hexagonal based designs of the ship and these odd beings are actually pretty cool. Unfortunately the budget must have run out around about the actor inside's knees as we get a sort of metal looking skirt. The Kroton's are famous for having the rather unusual disposition of a Birmingham accent (Does every planet have a Midlands??). The Kroton's voice artists Roy Skelton and Patrick Tull were actually going for a South African lilt, to tie the story in with the serious then-current issues of apartheid, unfortunately it just sounds like some a couple of Brummies trying to take over the world.
anyway, in the grand scheme of things, w.s.b was a wild man with words...his imagery is still surfacing in my dreams at times...
Base - INGLOT Gel Liner '76'
We hope you will continue to use the many FJ products available in your area.
We can all recall a time when we asked someone for something, maybe help with a project or a ride when our car is in the shop. And we got a 'yes' answer, but knew the other person really did not want to do it. You may have even added, “only if you have the time,” or “I can find someone else.” And you were brushed off with a “oh, it's okay” sort of statement even though it obviously really wasn't. The other person begrudged it, and you felt that 'put upon' feeling the whole time.
I suppose I could explain how they came about, but that might spoil the fun. After all, a good title should stand on its own, shouldn't it?
This signifies that the IDF regards the Egyptian and Syrian borders as the potential source of a greater threat than in the past,” the former deputy chief of staff, Dan Harel, said on Wednesday night.
What I mean by this question is really something more like "If you turn out to be an awesome person and I want to you to be my BFF, are you going to rip my heart out, spit on it's still beating last moments, and then do the mexican hat dance around it by leaving 6 months after we buy matching necklaces??"
This Saturday in Tallahassee, FL is a local Buddy Walk for Down syndrome awareness. Our small rag-tag group of Association members are making our way down for the event. This will be our families' first walk. I'm excited to say the least. I have spent weeks recruiting walkers and supporters for our group.
By Gabriel Beltrone
**Formerly-incarcerated individuals and ex-substance abusers, who have successfully made the transition from confinement into a stable, productive lifestyle in the community, including sustained employment since release, are eligible to apply.
How We Get Cheated by Designer Handbags
Q.: How important do you think social media (i.e. Twitter/Facebook/blogging) is in today’s market for a writer?
To create the beautiful embossing on my cover, I used Spellbinders M-Bossabilities EL-002 Regal Side B in my Spellbinders Grand Calibur® Die Cutting Machine (Don't forget that Grand Raspberry Plate). SANDWICH (fm: bottom up): A Base Plate, M-Bossabilities Folder w/ cardstock, Grand Raspberry Plate). Sand the embossed Core'dinations cardstock to highlight even more and cut/embossed with LF-168 Grand Large Labels die. I also cut/embossed with cereal thin chipboard as backing for the covers
Pump-action, Semi-automatic and stockguns are some of the paintball marker repair of the paintball marker repair on markers, paintballs, protective equipment and other supplies. There are different size packages available - containing smaller air compressors and few bulk tanks and personal carriers. These bunkers are great; easy to maintain.
As a Star Trek storyteller and something of a custodian of the Star Trek mythos, I feel it’s my obligation to examine any story—regardless of medium—in order to ascertain its worthiness to be included in the vast pantheon of tales comprising “the Star Trek saga.” On occasion, this sense of honor and duty has compelled me to review certain prose offerings and, yes, films which fall outside what most people would consider “the mainstream.” The nature of this research often requires me to watch such films twice or even three times. Maybe not the entire film, you understand; just certain key scenes, like the one with Khan and Marla McGivers, when she…………………….
So, yeah, those are the main reasons I’ve hated anything book related the past couple of months. But this past week I’ve felt myself coming out of it. I’ve read three books and loved each one. And I’ve decided that I would continue book blogging, but will be taking a bit of a different approach to it, for my own sanity.
After altering them all I just added some decorations I thought was suitable, luckily Signe agreed ;) Some ribbon, lace, flowers, MIC chippies, buttons, and TH metal embellies found it´s way on to there.
Charlie
*Note: On the story Bill recounts of Caron Butler's Mountain Dew addiction, we claimed he drank nine liters of the fizzy green juice a day. It was actually two liters (which is still a lot of Dew, but not as much as nine, which could probably kill you).
There are a few differences. Princess Jehnna isn’t blond. She’s still pretty annoying, and she still has a crush on Conan. Zula is described as a warrior, and nearly naked. The nature of Bombatta’s attachment to Jehnna is explicitly stated before we even meet Jehnna, whereas in the movie it was subtle enough that I thought he loved her like a daughter or a younger sister. She does say that she trusts him implicitly because he’s been with her since her babyhood, that made me think of their relationship as more familial, which is what Jehnna thinks.
“Work forces are always evolving, especially during a recession, but what’s different this time is that there’s a greater emphasis on a contingent, ‘just-in-time’ work force,” he says.
As far as attaching the sole to the body, what you want is called Goodyear construction. All you really need to know is that the upper is attached to the sole in a way that allows you to have a cobbler replace the soles as they get worn out. With your cheap brands, if your sole wears out the shoe is done. You’ll also see a lot of detachment of the upper from the sole in the cheaper shoes as well.
– SPOTTED SANDPIPER, Glenmore Park, RC
Most of your summer planting should be over, but there still time to do some last minute planting such as:
One wonders if, like the late Robert Maxwell, Mr Whyte viewed the court action as a way of gagging the media. If he did, he has found out that he required a much bigger gag, and many more of them!
Less prominent is deputy minister Adonis Georgiadis, who is famous for his televised rants against Muslims, immigrants, Jews and support for the military dictatorship that formerly governed Greece. Up until February the coalition could have included LAOS, or Popular Orthodox Rally, party leader Giorgos Karatzaferis, a one time body building xenophobe who once declared. “They say that to get ahead you have to be one of three things: a Jew, a homosexual, or a communist. We are none of these … Vote for a parliament without Masons, without homosexuals, without those dependent on Zionism.” Thankfully, support for LAOS has plummeted following their brief but toxic involvement in the grand coalition.
Week One: Black Swans. We're going with the swans first because it won't be long before cygnets are out and about! We can't wait to see the little ones swimming across the surface of the waterways near us.
He has a condition called Sandifer's Syndrome, a rare disorder. It affects less than 1% of children who has reflux. Basically it is just his body's reaction to reflux... it stared causing him to twitch and have facial ticks which looked like he was having a seizure.
-“This is your home” He answered her gently.
Oh, go on then, we’ll double-post just because I did take a few photos of people! People are very interesting – and there were a heck of a lot at the Museum today..! Luckily, it’s a pretty big place and other than the first room (through which everyone walks) there was plenty of space to wander and read and take in the history.
it waves back and forth.
"THE FAMILY" WAS EVERWHERE
I squeezed an apple
If the State is the biggest source of funds in the place and the State is not playing straight at all, a serious question arises – How can we hope to uplift our society?
I ever left this country,
The flavor of this Tomato Jam is reminiscent of chili sauce. It is a little sweet, a little sassy with the cinnamon and ginger, and then the pow of the red pepper flakes hits you and your mouth grins in happiness. I loved it with cream cheese on bagels, but plan to try it on my favorite turkey burger recipe, as well. I also think it would be a good addition to a plate of sharp cheddar cheese and crackers for snacking. Nobody is in a jam with Tomato Jam On My Plate.
Arms - wide heart to heart next to same hole
Me: Right...... told you it was pretty mindless work! (I think it addled my brain a little! he he).
Also, Porcupine Tree are pretty crazy about being anti-taping. No cameras at all?? Give me a break guys. What I do isn't hurting you in anyway and in fact is probably beneficial in some small way.
Happy Easter!!!
But, it has its place in the Bible. John the Baptist, Peter, and Jesus warned the masses about the terrors of an afterlife without saving grace attained through faith in Jesus Christ. How do we follow their lead? The book of John is filled with Jesus’ interactions with individuals, leading many of them into faith without the bullhorn approach, like the Samaritan woman at the well in Chapter 4. Both approaches are biblical so their legitimacy can’t be ignored.
Yep I have a signed year long lease. There is enough correspondence and signed checks to demonstrate I have promissory estoppel with the Landlord, or in other words there is sufficient proof we have entered into an enforceable contract. This gives me a lot of options legally as long as I don't renege on my end of the bargain. Some of my options include forcing the Landlord to buy me out, and/or dealing with a bank or another buyer who takes over the property. I understand all that believe me. The one thing I do not want to end up in is a position where I have to try and recoup from the current Landlord. I can already tell by her current actions I am not likely to collect, so I would need to get my monies upfront by refusing to pay. Setting all that aside I don't want to be in this position to begin with.
And is luck only measured by winning money.
"It's Sunday." He said with a little sneer.
As much as I loved looking at the pearls, I just didn't get around to using them. On some nights, I would think of simmering them in coconut milk, but never got around to it. Many evenings, I would just stare at the bag, wondering why they didn't make tapioca pearls I could just pop into my mouth. I mean those colors! Really! How much of a torture is it to have all those cute little pearls and not be able to dig into the bag and munch on a handful?
I can’t write blurbs either. To me, blurbs are written for people who will never read the book because the language, the feel, and the intention changes wholly between the blurb and the actual text. But Mein Herr is fantastic with marketing and has scribbled for us a temporary blurb. So, without further ado:
So basically an individual, oh, politician perhaps can have a personal dislike for a joke and that is therefore offensive and cannot be broadcast? Or if say the Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat (ASWJ) feel an entertainment channel is “offensive to commonly accepted standards of decency” that means the channel should go? Why did you bother drawing up a code if this is a free-for-all based on personal likes and dislikes? This is a very poor definition open to exploitation. It should be dropped as other parts of the code already provide ample accountability for what can really be deemed offensive i.e. content which discriminates and spreads “hatred or contempt on the basis of race or caste, national, ethnic or linguistic origin, colour or religion or sect, sex, sexual orientation, age or mental or physical disability.”
This is strange because one would have expected the newly married couple to be stepping out together.
The hunters also visited the Stanley Hotel in Estes Park, a perennial favorite on the show.
And that night! I walked in the door, ripped off my shoes and just Wanted.A.Beer and he started telling me about the utility repair guy and Junior’s new word and the weekend forecast, and when I told him I needed a minute, he got all hurt and said he was sorry: He hadn’t had any adult conversation all day and just wanted to talk.
So how about you? Do you read the ending first? Or do you prefer the blank slate method?
I’m not sure where I’ll put it yet – it looks good in my kitchen….
I should be honest by telling you that there is one downside to this meal, and that is removing the meat from the bones. Usually, we eat at least half the meat during dinner, and then I have to pick the rest of it off the bones. But, a few minutes of work is totally worth it, because this lovely, juicy, tasty chicken makes the best chicken salad ever. Put it on a nice fresh hoagie roll for full effect.
Thru this same lady’s reading came the most incredible exercise for her to do. She is very left brain dominant and May demands use of her right brain and to allow the left brain to function as it was designed to.
And fix’d his eye on the darker speck.
When discussing “Leadership” from a management perspective, it is often defined as the ability to motivate a group of people towards a common goal. Once again USATF management has shown that it is sorely lacking in this skill set. The latest drama emanating from the head office is the “’Coaches Registry” that has been dropped in the laps of America’s coaches.
Meanwhile my husband looked up Earthlink to see if they are on our street now and YES they are!! We will be saving 50.00 a month for the same type of freestanding dsl as Comcast!!! They were always better and kept their word and their prices affordable, so go check them out, because I checked and others are complaining about comcast too and most swear like us they were never notified or at least not clearly!!
It is true that an estate (basically a legal fiction – something that only exists as a matter of law) is created and nearly all the debtor’s possessions go into it. However, there are exemptions available (either state law exemptions or federal exemptions depending on your state of residences and some timing issues if you’ve moved – see this site for details by Attorney Max Garner). These exemptions allow you to retain property through the bankruptcy process.
Kerry, as always, thanks for the non-Cards cards.
It is brown and the Latinos there have been quite public with their intent to drive blacks out. Peacefully by breeding, violent if necessary.
Look I also support the whole use of extensions, but it is lost on the masses that have not even a clue what an extension is. And that is a shame.
"She's kind of a scrooge. She buys gifts, but only practical ones. Like tennis balls for my birthday. Tupperware for Christmas. One Christmas she gave me a snow scraper. For her birthday, as a joke, I bought her a plunger. She loved it, thought it was a great gift idea.."
Now some might object that if a boss is paying you and you don’t like how you’re being treated, then you should just move on to another job. Well, that’s okay in theory. But low-wage, dead-end jobs are a trap. They don’t teach you the sort of career skills that allow you to lift yourself up out of that rut. And they don’t pay you enough to where you could afford to take classes to learn the skills you need to escape. And finally, they destroy your soul to such a degree that they kill all hope, self-worth, and self-esteem. You stop believing that anything good can happen to you, that life could ever possibly get better, that there will ever be an end to this pain and humiliation and misery.
The inspiration:
Merrell: My stomach is getting flat. See?
Then Libriumia gets sick. Fever, stomach cramps, diarrhea, vomiting. When she is not feeding the baby, she’s expressing milk with a hand pump. When she is not doing that her body is pumping out other things. I give the baby lots of formula, through the night, to let my wife sleep. I struggle to the shops, in the coldest April on record. My fever hasn’t completely gone.
Today, October 15, is Pregnancy and Infant Loss Remembrance Day. Babycenter says it's "a day to honor and remember babies who die during pregnancy or as newborns. Participants around the world light a candle at 7 p.m. and keep it burning for at least an hour. Because of different time zones, the result is a wave of light that spans the globe. The day also calls attention to the needs of grieving parents and creates awareness of pregnancy and infant loss."
This is one of those classic horror movies that polarizes audiences even to this day. It was made by resident cheap-ass hack director Clive Barker in the days before he was responsible for movies like Midnight Meat Train and Candyman, and while I don’t have much vitriol to espouse upon it, I’m not raving either, and even if you like this movie, there are certainly some really goofy things about it that I have to point out or else I’ll never be able to sleep right again! Well, okay, maybe not. But…just get on with it.
Lt. Harvey L. Harrell, 49, New York, N.Y.
Mini Card Kit, but trust me...there is NOTHING Mini about it!!
Chris: But wouldn’t that be like cutting off your nose to spite your face? Cause if you removed my equipment, then it would be no good to you. No, if we were ever in the same room, the real danger would be that all the neighbors would hear us for an entire block!
N.B. The cola didn't really do anything to my toilet. I don't know if that's because it wasn't regular cola rather than diet.. or if I've just been reading silly things online.
And by eating locally I mean very locally, from our own garden. So finally, last week we were able to have a dinner made entirely from our own farm.
The Hidden Blessing
Ok, let’s move to the other point.
I will warn you now, once in this shop, it is hard to get me out.
The enemies of freedom are not so stupid to try and take our freedom(s) in a big, bold action. It is more effective to cook the American voter like the slowly boiled frog. Unexamined sayings like “from the get-go” are a symptom of the slow creep of authoritarianism, socialism and Marxism into our daily American lives.
Chris Rock (and now you realize that I mentioned him in almost every post about comedy I ever made. I like the dude, it's not like I have a scrapbook full of pictures of us encircled in hearts and wedding pictures I downloaded from the web but with the heads replaced with Chis and mine's. such a book doesn't exist under my bed... SHIT! I'll be right back, I need to... relocate something...) his speaking style emulates that of a preacher that is why it's natural to see him well dressed in a tux or something similar on stage doing a standup. It just feels right.
walk to West End at 79th
4-6. Repeat on the other side. You can leave the back of your hair down or pull it up. 7. Take a remaining section of hair on one side, and starting at the end again wrap around one finger and begin rolling in toward the scalp. You want to roll this section tighter because there is more hair.
Upon your favorable response, I will send to you,my international id card other related documents backing this transaction. High degree of trust is required from you to enable us sail through this transaction ,this will be completed in the next few banking days with your co-operation and carefully following my advice and instructions.
and not the latter, because otherwise it would be exactly
when life was tranquil
In yesterday's post, I shared all about the inspiration and plans for my Sister's big bedroom update. Today, I'm showing you the happy outcome of all that fluffing and fussing this past weekend.
The melody and lyrics are pure Irving Berlin, and it remains one of the most well-known songs ever written. I have a particular affinity for the Great American Songbook--in fact, I devoted a whole blog to it. And well, this is certainly one of the absolute marvels of that amazing literature of popular music. I hear a song like this, and I get a bit sad for the sense of melody and beauty that has pretty much been lost in what we now call popular music.
I would do this but, I am not weird. I am nice, normal and nice normal people don't have passion."
Emma steps up, misses.
Ecwid shopping cart is FREE and easily plugs into social networking sites so you can have a shopping cart on your art blog, photography blog, soap making blog or FB page, etc.. The sewing shop - SewMrsP.com - utilizes this shopping cart. At some time I will add it to my social networking but am too busy with setting up the new shops (older brain takes longer to apply new apps). Get a shopping cart set up on your site in time for holiday shopping.
Brine poultry solely to aid in moisture retention and marinate adding a slight level of flavor in impoving the overall quality. Folks say once you brine a bird for barbecuing or grilling, you'll never do it another way. Well, there are many ways to barbecue which is cooking over indirect heat. Grilling is cooking over direct heat and most birds I know prefer low, slow indirect cooking times, that is, unless you liked yours blackened. I like to brine in the solution below as well as use a buttermilk brine sometimes too. Both I think are exceptional. And then there are times that I do not brine at all. In other words, it is a preference how you go about cooking your bird and the desired outcome you want.
Sokoiatopita
I know a great lady who is moving this week. Her life has changed and she is taking on some new challenges and opportunities, and moving is part of the deal. She arranged a last-minute late night for all of her close friends the other night, where we ate and sat in a big circle and laughed and talked. We offered up personal anecdotes about life and shared common experiences with mothering and wifing. Boy, was it food for this soul.
The Proenza Schouler ‘Tiger Print’ Sweater retails for $545.
So, Blond is right that we need to rebuild civil society and has some pretty exciting ideas – but just as the state without a strong and independent civil society is an empty shell that serves the powerful, strong civil society without the state is a myth. While we ought to learn from history, the model of civil society drawn from nostalgia is not the answer, nor is a sense of the common good derived from a romantic recollection of a particular tradition.
There is a point at which a person begins to question their own mortality and the legacy that they will leave behind. However after hearing from my doctor that I am once again in fantastic shape, I am going to borrow a scene from the 1995 movie, “Grumpy Old Men.” I have no doubt in my mind that I will live to turned 95 years old, exercise most days in my life. Every morning, I will wake up, and eat five strips of bacon. And for lunch, I will eat a bacon sandwich. And for a midday snack?
The federal government is too large, too bloated, and too bureaucratic, but that doesn’t mean that it has no role. It’s the sledgehammer in the tool arsenal. You pull it out sparingly, but when you do pull it out don’t be afraid to whack away, and understand that there’s a lot of residual damage and the edges aren’t nice and neat. That’s because it’s a sledgehammer, not a chisel. And I do believe that now is the time to use the sledgehammer, because the time it will take to recover and the damage that will happen if we don’t re-open the faucet is greater than the damage we’ll wreak by banging open the wall to unstop the leak & get the water flowing again.
Friday night was dinner out with some of L's coworkers, out from back East. Of course, we took them to our favourite steakhouse - which is a fine dining establishment. This means a fancy outfit! Woo hoo!
So help a girl out and follow me at www.twitter.com/chicagowife. Because the thing is, I want to be following you so I can read your tidbits too! But, I'm lost as to how to find you! So follow me! Send me some tweets! Help me figure this twitter business out!
+65 7 23.90 , -147 28 7.05
Good question, Diane. How could such a focused organization operate so long and so damn effectively.. without the complicity of Democrats, that is, corporate Democrats? And where was the Democrat Party whose platform and primary interests suggest populist causes? Shame on them. And where are the professional organizations known as unions that should be protecting the interests of Michigan teachers?
I posted a story on aisledash.com today titled Extreme Beauty where we featured some cosmetic treatments you may be considering, including lash extensions that last for months, specific hair treatments, teeth whitening and botox. These aren't that extreme when you think about the lengths people have and will go to make themselves over.
- Juice concentrate
OMG, when they wanted to put the shoes on! "Do they...look like they're your...size?" "Shut up." "Are you..." "Getting the urge to French Siegfried myself into oblivion?"
I want the future to be full of these kids. I want these kids, as adults, to know that should Billy ignore them (and the communication is important), they should try to ask a new way. I want these kids to retain their acceptance and their lack of judgement. I want them to grow up knowing that making an effort with Billy is worth it. I want them to avoid falling into the shallow pit of fatuousness that says anyone who is different is automatically stupid and open for derision (or worse).
All the kids found a friend to hang with, to finish off break.
The women who had come from Galilee with him followed behind, and when they had seen the tomb and the way in which his body was laid in it, they returned and prepared spices and perfumed oils.
After egg is glued in you can add more nesting as needed.
Later that weekend, I checked messages,
prakasante mahatmana<U+1E25>
RAMSEY KANAAN
The more I sensed from my Lord,
* What is one thing you wish every beginner writer knew?
I did an eye look using Envy (the green eyeshadow single) and the browbone and crease colors in the Sweet as Candy trio:
Cardstock: PTI Rustic Cream; Stampin Up-Cherry Cobbler.
The old Apple G4 mirror door Dual Core 1 gig was getting tired after running nearly 24/7 for 7 or 8 years. A faithful machine, but as many know the software tends to outstrip the hardware before too long.
Final Exam: The final exam will be a take-home assignment, featuring essay-format questions. It will be distributed on the last day of class and due at the start of our scheduled final time. The exam will cover material taken from both the course screenings and assigned readings.
Our first winter in Alaska was very mild, which was a good way to break me in slowly. This winter has hit and it is already CRAZY! I feel like all it has done for the past 2-3 weeks is snow. I don't mind it. I mean if it is going to snow it might as well snow a lot. They are really good about clearing the roads quickly (which is different from Oklahoma and Texas).
The Afghans don’t like any foreigners telling them what to do, and a large part of their obscure, complex tribal culture has to do with their young men learning to use guns and any other weapons available before they would be ready to shave (if, that is, they shaved, which they
Romans 8:38-39 (MSG)
With the exception of Electronic Renaissance the album style is very Belle and Sebastian, eventhough there are a variety of instruments and styles used. Hamdclaps, organ, brass, keyboards and strings. There is even a passage read from Rip Van Winkle.
Brown's
What’s a relapse? For me, it usually means a solid 2 weeks of barely being able to walk (if at all), not being able to hold a cup or a pen or be able to type, and possible lack of bladder control. When I relapse, someone else has to wash my hair and style it, bathe and shave me. Because I can’t even stand up in the shower to do these things myself, and I can’t hold myself up in the bathtub. I certainly can’t work. It’s pretty lame, although it gives me a chance to catch up on my favorite TV series (I’ve seen all of the CSIs this way, and a lot of Law and Order: SVU).
Rep. Joe Barton, R-Texas, said in the same letter he "proudly suppported" the FAA Modernization and Reform Act that allowed for the domestic use of drones. There are many institutions in his home state that the FAA has cleared for done use, including Texas A&M University, the police forces in the city of Arlington outside Dallas-Fort Worth and Montgomery County near Houston.
In the Houston, these ‘cafes’ or cupcake bakery’s are all over the place, my most favourite, however, is called Crave Cupcakes, cupcakes are around $3.25 a piece (around £2.10) and their cupcakes are, without fail, a little bite of bliss (and by little, I mean the size of my HEAD!)
It’s a familiar pattern: starting in the 1960s, the KCK population base began to erode. This was followed by an increase in tax rates. More people left, creating a smaller (and less wealthy tax base); therefore, taxes rose again. Repeat this for about 40 years and you’ll see why they’re in the bind they’re in.
Yikes, the project has grown! Surprise, surprise. Jay, my friend and building remodeler, has come up with lots of ideas to make this house work for me. So that sheet rock that needed resurfacing, well, now there are new holes, new walls, and I guess those guys will be around here working a bit longer than I had anticipated. But all that is still in the future as we are waiting for the doors and windows to be delivered. There is still lots to do to in the meantime. Just finding the right color paint for the exterior was a challenge. First I had to get over the fact that the building code in Jacksonville dictates color. There are a lot of choices but it was the principle of there being a rule that got to me. Oh, you didn’t know I have a thing about authority? After buying a couple of colors and sampling and rejecting them, I just went and knocked on the door of a house I like a couple of blocks away. They were happy to share the information on the paint they used. Should have done that in the first place; I had been admiring that house for the past year. Speaking of which, I have to get into town this morning to get some of that paint. I’ll keep you posted on my progress.
There are of course a lot of possible variations to games. A few more variations include:
When I first saw the movie, I was able to relate because for years, I was that little guy going up against big business. Eventually it came to the point where we just couldn't compete any longer. Special pricing, perks, discounts, rewards, whatever you want to call it, it's easy for a big company to bury the "neighborhood" competition with the help of deep pockets, and/or the legal system. Those with the most money, even if they are in the wrong, usually win.
"With my sincere appreciation for beauty, Drew proudly showed pictures, at my request, of the lovelies he had dated. Doll after doll displayed on the screen and I giggled in awe until suddenly, a sparkling blonde, svelte, wide-eyed, giant-smiled girl appeared. I frowned, “You were with her?” She struck me as absolute aesthetic perfection. When Drew went on to describe her fortunate breeding and her keys to a brand new Bentley I found the envy I worked for years to shed off my being rearing its vile head. I asked her name and rejected it immediately. “Ew, she even has a pretty name! We’ll call her Bertha,” I pronounced and started crying. Drew begged what was wrong, as this is so out of my usual character, but I had no answer but that she was perfect (and that I was PMSing). I described her to my mom as “Me. Only way better.”
My mama did.
1- Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS3 12.1 MP Waterproof Digital Camera (Orange) Brand New w/Supplied Manufacturer Accessories
In a small bowl, sift together flour, cocoa powder, baking powder, and salt.
I've adjusted a couple things. I up the yeast to 2 T. and add 1 T. sugar to the yeast and water mixture.
The link with America continues in the quatrefoil stained glass in the apex of a window in the north wall, in which the initials ‘E.S.’ commemorate the death in 1600 of Edmund Sherman. Between 1633 and 1640, eleven of Edmund’s family emigrated to New England, their descendants going on to shape American history as a co-founder of Rhode Island, Philip Sherman (who was born in Dedham in 1610 thus making him one of the family members who made the perilous journey across the North Atlantic); a signatory to the Declaration of Independence, Roger Sherman; a Civil War General, William Tecumseh Sherman (after whom the Sherman tank is named); the 27th Vice President of the United States, James S. Sherman; and two Second World War US Navy Admirals, Frederick C. Sherman and Forrest Sherman, the latter still remembered in the name of a current US Navy Destroyer. How different American history may have been if a family from a small but prosperous Essex village had decided that their future lay in the Stour Valley and not across the Atlantic.
The greater problem, in terms of numbers and spread of readers, is The New Statesman’s promulgation of these vile assertions. Bradford gets two types of press from the national media: bad and none. And now, in a truly mixed constituency which has consistently chosen to ignore race and religion, we are being accused of being racist and religiously fanatical. London, piss off! We don’t want what you’re selling. You know our stereotype, you come here (once in a blue moon) and see what you want to see, take your ‘proof’ home and peddle it back to us. In this instance, though, there was no proof: the assertions of voter racism are from the pen of Khan’s pen and imagination rather than the lips (and certainly not the actions) of Bradford West’s voters…
In other ways, though, I still work in the same way. There has to be some kind of itch, something that haunts me as a writer, something that these techniques of writing help me connect with. Inevitably, I suppose, some of these itches and hauntings change over time, while others remain constant.
Handling the myriad problems associated with alien crimes is often beyond the capabilities of local police departments.
I don’t remember Ma scream for help.
I’ve never been a fan of the hatchet job. I understand that it’s an art form in itself, that it’s entertaining, and that it livens up reviews pages, often so full of lukewarm praise and a fear of criticising the person who might bury the reviewer’s own novel in a year’s time. But I try to remember that the author who wrote the book I’m reviewing is actually a person with feelings, a person who probably spent years writing the book, and I aim to be fair even in harsh criticisms (not all of the people whose books I’ve reviewed will be convinced that I manage this). From the quotes I’ve seen, Adam Mars-Jones prizewinning hatchet job largely follows my rules too, he’s just funnier than I am. The real hatchet jobs are the ones where you can see a personal or professional hostility exists, but aren’t privy to the subtext.
For thousands of years, herbs and spices have been used to help preserve foods and protect them from microbial contamination. Research shows that both thyme and basil contain constituents that can both prevent contamination and decontaminate previously contaminated foods.
The fun stuff!! I had my 22 week u/s with the MFM on 12/27 and everything looked amazing!! As soon as the tech put the probe on my belly we saw a penis! Again, my little boy clearly is not shy and is obviously a boy! She then went and found Baby A and although stubborn as usual, she was not being coy and she is absolutely a she! We saw the labia and no penis! That was about all she cooperated with as we couldn't get a good profile picture...we did get one of her cute little feet, though! And when they did the internal u/s to check my cervix length, all you could see was her kicking down there - brat! He was being good - we got a great profile picture and the tech turned on the 3D and we got to see him!!! I'll admit, it's a bit creepy and awesome all at the same time!
“O thou sword-storm stirrer,
up. I have nine of these letters from this officer to his wife. Some of them expressing how lonely he
Human Rights Watch said the death toll continues to rise. It said at least 233 people have been killed in five days of violence.
In case you don’t want to know any spoilers about the upcoming “Star Trek 2<U+2033> from director JJ Abrams, stop reading now.
Its been hard times at Bissoux HQ for a while now and this time yesterday I was pitifully sad and sobbing onto my emergency BFF iphone chat, but LOOK AT ME NOW! photobooth ! GIFs ! blog posts that aren't 20 days late !
That, like a moorish Shylock, exacts its spoonful of flesh.
I'm writing in the studio, onto tape, as opposed to taking a
many times i walk back from the bathroom, here in the lovely downtown waupaca public library, i catch the cover of psychology today. it’s a face, painted yellow with a black nuclear symbol (<U+2622>) on it. in big letters, it says, “DIFFICULT PEOPLE.” for who is more difficult than the cult of violence?
Unggue containers play an important role in the mayhem to follow.
3:00 - bottle
What would you wear?
Mr de Klerk also accused the ANC of seeking to enforce black domination over the racial minorities and erode South Africa's liberal constitution. Cronyism, corruption and "divisive racial politics" were rife in government, he added.
So - here we are - at the end of another sometimes great and sometimes not so great year! And this will be my last blog post of 2011! I want to thank everyone who has followed me, read and commented on my thoughts and ruminations - and occasional ranty bits - and also to say how much I have enjoyed my first year of blogging. Reading all the other blogs I suscribe to has been an education and I can now state I am officially hooked on blogging! I hope my followers will continue to read my musings in 2012 as I develop my blog further...
Sure, the brief appearance of Jennifer Balgobin (Dr. Caligari) and Steve Buscemi (Ghost World) at a New York raceway, the even briefer turn by Max Perlich (Homicide: Life on the Street) as a busboy, and the sultry work of the gorgeous Elizabeth Peña (Lone Star) as a femme fatal in uncomplicated lingerie might have sustained the film from falling completely off track for a little while. But come on, who are we kidding here? The film is only barely on the cusp of being bearable because of what Cyndi and Jeff brought to the psychic table.
I try to keep an attitude of gratitude. Now, I will admit that sometimes it takes a few seconds/minutes to kick in if the situation isn’t so great. Times like when the mower wires that you have to disconnect to keep the battery from draining when it’s not in use aren’t staying connected when you’re trying to mow. Or when it gets stuck when I am pushing it out of the garage to jump-start it. Or when the mower blades don’t engage after I get it started. Hey, I’m human.
Mill was something of a child genius. His father was a follower of Jeremy Bentham, so the young Stuart grew up with a good working knowledge of Utilitarianism.
(And stay tuned--I have been working on lots of random projects recently and will show them off when this contest ends--right before I start the St. Patrick's day design festivities!)
we arranged to return the following morning for a rhinoscopy.
Law blogger Paul Kennedy wrote: My question is: should the DA dismiss a case against a motorist or should a motorist be acquitted by a jury of his peers, will (the DA) offer a public apology on Twitter as well? I'm of two minds on this. Kennedy is right that district attorneys shouldn't pursue a shaming policy until they have a conviction. But at the same time I applaud the initiative of Brian Baugh, the University of North Texas student behind the Denton twitter blotter. He's not out to shame, he's out to make public information truly public. I wrote in March that a 21st-century police blotter could be a new revenue stream for flagging media organizations. Baugh's twitter mashup takes us in that direction. If law enforcement agencies take up twitter blotters, they will need to include strong disclaimers that accounts posted are accusations and that nobody has been convicted. But initiatives like this aren't pure sensationalism -- they're one part sensational and one part public service. We're obsessed with crime, and that's our problem, not one to be solved by the media or the police. If a news organization can use a crime map, an interactive live blotter or a mugshot gallery to drive revenue that pays for investigative reporting and arts coverage, then I'm all for it.
I basically said, “My friends who are trying to access my blog through their cell phones are being dropped into the dregs of internet yuckness.” (Okay, that’s not really what I said, but that was the basic idea.)
Well, kind of.
MATCH #1
A dear mother friend, who has been like a spiritual mentor to me, is one of the most thoughtful people on the earth. She sent this a few days prior, despite the fact that her son was about to undergo major surgery. Ladybug and flower cookies...yum!
YOUNG ADULT FICTION: I also want YA writers to ask “what if,” though not necessarily in a fantasy or dystopian setting; for example, Libba Bray’s GOING BOVINE blew me away with its inventive riff on DON QUIXOTE. I want something as funny as GOING BOVINE, too—so much of what I see is soooo dark. Lighten up, folks! That said, I want to see clever concepts like THIRTEEN REASONS WHY, even if they do tread serious ground. And finally, Santa, I want to see something genuinely new, and not just another mash-up of established genres.
As part of the blog tour, I'm excited to announce that Walden Pond Press is giving away a copy of The Hero's Guide to Saving Your Kingdom to one of my lucky readers! Just fill out the rafflecopter form below and you're automatically entered!
Level 17: MP Cost: 19, Attacks up to 4 enemies 3 times, Damage: 224%, 9% chance to stun the enemy for 4 seconds.
Anyway, sorry for the sidebar but that is what the heat and humidity in the northeastern US will do to you, not fry, but slowly poach your brain. It will also cause your hair to look like crap most of the time.
Bugger this for a game of marbles...I'm just going to choose ONE. Always was crap at keeping to the rules. It's why I'm so bad at table tennis. And Fish. (anyone else play that DREADFUL game?? when you ask people for cards and they say Fish if they haven't got it and the winner gets loads of cards and the losers get none? No? Not ringing any bells? You lucky, lucky thing. Bad bad game.)
There are, by the way, 108 steps between the pubs at the back of the train station and the top of the church near town, I should have taken my proper camera really, yet I didn’t, so the following are the result of the 5mp camera on my HTC Wildfire phone camera.
By a new nationality law (12 June 1951), Libyan Jews were not allowed to have passports or Libyan nationality certificates, but only traveling documents whose renewal was not automatic. Postal relations with Israel were suspended in 1954, emigration to Israel was restricted, tourism to Israel banned.
***I used the King James Version for my Bible quotes in respect to my cousin, even though its not the version I normally read. However, it’s still a valid translation.
Finally, let’s check in with Baby2's progress, courtesy babycenter.com:
So on Wednesday I was host to 7 kids after school. Marko invited all 3 of his current friends over, and together they formed a little international football league – one Canadian, one Brit, one Dutch, and one Portugese. That football sure is a bond for the boys.
Having said this much about Birds of Relocation, I’ve still barely scratched the surface of all that could be said about it. Maybe the best thing that I could say, though, is that I’m already better man for having listened to it for the past few weeks, and for taking the time to meditate on its treasures in this review. And I don’t think it’s close to finished doing its good work on me – every time I turn it on I notice something new, which calls forth more life in me. So, since yesterday was the official CD release day for Birds of Relocation (though it has been available in electronic format via The Rabbit Room for much longer), I heartily commend this to you as a good occasion to purchase it.
The Boys Tennis Team raised their overall record to 10-2 and 5-1 in the WSC with a 5-0 win over Elyria Catholic at home last night. The boys will finish the WSC Championship on Thursday at T-City Courts in Rocky River.
of the potatoes, half the onions,
Do you get what I’m saying?
You need a fire
You can create Twitter or Facebook pages for your own real estate properties or agencies. You’ll be able to tweet or post new property information, promotions and real estate and home improvement tips.
She has bruised her foot all the way to the bone,
Anti-Gene-Patent Fever Spreads to Australia - On May 12, 2009, the ACLU and the Public Patent Foundation (PUBPAT) filed a now-famous lawsuit in the U.S. charging that patents on two human genes associated with breast and ovarian cancer are unconstitutional and invalid. The lawsuit was filed against the USPTO, as well as Myriad Genetics and the University of Utah Research Foundation, which hold the patents on the genes, BRCA1 and BRCA2. The lawsuit charges that patents on human genes violate the First Amendment and patent law because genes are "products of nature" and therefore can't be patented.
I feel that it always takes something or someone to change your life and lead you down a greener path, and well, Ayden was the one who took my hand and did just that.
I first made a prototype to see if it would be appropriate.
21st April – around 1.45 pm I received a call from my 4th SIL saying that he’s in CGH A&E, not breathing. The doctors were trying their best to revive him.
There is a great deal going on in this reading:
"The most important thing any teacher has to learn, not to be learned in any school of education I ever heard of, can be expressed in seven words: Learning is not the product of teaching. Learning is the product of active learners."
Amazing!
Consider, if you will, the sartorial importance of tail attire. To bare, or not to bare… that is the question. The answer might seem to be of little consequence, but for marsupials living in cities and suburbs some strategically placed fur can make all the difference.
NBC.com has more surveys than other sites
The advantage I had with Wild Water is the tremendous support I have locally. I talked to a lot of people about the book and the competition. Generally I find people will respect something sincere and will get behind you, especially if it champions where you live.
This nursery is always in a bit of a shambles. Some plants are thriving, others dying for a drink. But if you root around for a while you can manage to find a few treasures.
Here's the link to see the collections from River Silks LTD:
Leave your battlelogs in the comments if you want to play.
The third reason was that there was a strong strain of non-sectarian thinking in the PIRA and its supporters that, though not universal or always observed, was obviously widespread and genuine. The PIRA was fighting for a British withdrawal from Ireland, subsequent to which NI would be incorporated into a united Ireland. This would obviously entail the Protestant population of NI becoming the fellow Irish citizens of the rest of the Irish, north and south of the border, a development hardly likely to result in a harmonious state of affairs if Protestants had good reason to believe they would be subjected to homicidal antipathy by those fellow citizens. This is not to suggest that there was no sectarian feeling amongst PIRA members, only that an ideological opposition to sectarianism was a strong force amongst PIRA leaders. In contrast, the UVF and UDA were battling to keep NI in the UK and to keep Protestants in a dominant position therein. They were not trying to win friends amongst the Catholic population, and had no particular need to be esteemed by them.
T.C. Marshall is a beautiful curmudgeon living in the Santa Cruz Mountains, chasing the seasons as they come to him, book by book. He pays the bills, accepts gifts, and teaches. Friend him on FaceBook to converse and to find out more.
HAPPY HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
Rather than pointing the finger back to them why not look around us today? The human race has become exceeding sinful. 2 Timothy 3:2-4 is being fulfilled before our very eyes. “For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unholy, without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasure more than lovers of God.” It reads like our daily newspaper doesn’t it?
Here is the nutritional information for Avia per Kilogram.
“We decided to offer a breakfast this year to offer to families to get them on their way to all the other events later in the day. It’s a need we saw that wasn’t being filled.”
BSL uses physical appearance to predict behavior. Whether a dog is correctly identified as a pit bull or not, no behaviors should be automatically assumed based on this identification. All dogs are individuals, and should be treated as so.
many different designers have recreated this chair - it now is available in many different price brackets, colors, materials, and fabrics .. they have chairs, stools, beds, lounges, tables - all with the same 'design' in mind :o)
Dead man on Tobago board.
In this test too, Windows 7 seemed to put up a better show. While the graphics performance of both Windows 7 and Windows 8 was somewhat the same, the latter proved to use more battery power. No matter how impressive the UI of and OS is, what users ultimately seek for is enhanced performance and battery life. As such, would the new OS be able to cater to the needs of users who spend long hours on their PCs is a question that remains unanswered.
So the critic is now useless and is, as he sees it, a two-generation job. America is full of careers that only lasted two generations. This is a bit fatalistic. And I’m sure he is happy to be the last of a dying breed. "Sorry kids, no more, I’m the last one. HA!"
Have a comment on Pat's column? Visit our site at:
you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness/ like resignation to the end, always the end/ so when we found me could not make sense/ well you said that we would still be friends/ but i’ll admit that i was glad it was over
I imagine writers wonder if agents have a drop-dead date for submissions around the holiday season—as in we won’t submit after a certain day in December.
Tourism :
A great shading brush should be soft and fluffy, be careful not to remove what you've just applied you just want to soften the lines. I do this by making very small circular motions with the brush. The finished look should result in colour over the entire eye, lighter in the corner and under brow, slightly darker on the lid and in the socket.
This last paragraph is the reason I chose this letter for QueryShark. I've never seen the problem of multiple viewpoints addressed quite this elegantly. The main part of the letter is in Emily's viewpoint, and we get a strong sense of her voice and character.
She passed today! Her eyes are fully developed! Baby N had his appointment today too. We had fun in the waiting room:) I m glad I don't have to watch her eyes being probed with metal instruments anymore. Baby Kevin was a big boy in the waiting room...thanks to Ashley and a sticker book.
If your freezer requires manual de-frosting, defrost it regularly. The more ice your freezer has in it, the more energy it is using – if the ice around the inside is more than 1cm thick, it needs de-frosting.
(and yes, it did make me google predicament because I didn't realize a predicament, although the word does conjure up dire images of maidens tied to railroad tracks ... that could just be me from too many years watching Underdog or Bullwinkle or Mighty Mouse or whatever that was ... is that much different than a problem)
Needless to say, I was happy as a clam to have the great opportunity — to practice shooting action shots. It was a good practice. Though, it would have been even better if I had a longer telephoto lens. I would have love to get up close and personal shooting the surfers and waves. But… since the waves were strong and unpredictable; I didn’t want to take a chance of the camera getting splash by the waves or worse yet — I get swept out.
Like Batman Begins (2005), Iron Man told the story of a super hero’s origins, and like the earlier film–which was itself a prequel to three previous modern Batman films–its ending segued easily into a sequel, planned for April 2010.
I’m not sure. But until I figure it out, my plan is to use this blog to tell those “wow” stories I come across each week in a different way. To write about what I’m writing about, more or less. Because if I’m going to stand akimbo and shake my finger at the world for not appreciating all the amazing things happening in Michigan, I’d better be doing everything I can to make sure the stories get told.
Potential Means of reducing the disadvantages of Floor Area Ratio Controls
· Silicone does not degrade over time. It is impervious to rusting or staining from food colourants unlike wood making it perfect for cooking utensils. It shares the same sanitary benefits as stainless steel but with reduced heat conduction.
Minnesota Landscape Arboretum
That's where I've been falling down a bit - I feel terribly guilty, I've lurked on a few blogs but I feel I'm lacking the time to really get in there and comment. So that's my 2nd half of Janathon resolution - try to cut out the Negativity and get round a few other blogs and get posting.
This one will cost a little but should be an easy fix. It’s those metal, cheapy doors to the upper left in pic up there. (Sorry, best I could find.) I LOATHE them. I’ve been stalking new doors for a year or so now. Just need to bite the bullet and do it.
to a son, congratulations”
I must say for a change, I have found a blog whose navigation I actually like. As I mentioned earlier, the slide show widget is a nice one providing glimpses of the wonderful photos. The popular posts and archives provide another option. What I like best is the use of labels. The labels have been used creatively to create a species list. It provides a very useful reference for anyone looking to identify fauna. Related post and search widgets can give additional navigation options. But navigation is good as it is also. Beyond a certain point anymore of it might not add too much value.
Aamir Khan started his career as child artist in his uncle Nasir Hussain’s film “Yaadon Ki Baraat” in 1973 but his professional career kick started with a Ketan Mehta’s film “Holi” in 1984. That film didn’t do well at the box office and he tasted first success with his cousin Mansoor Khan’s film ”Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak” in 1988 and thus became a chocolate boy of Bollywood. It was also through this film that he won his first Filmfare for Best Male Debut and since then he never looked back. After six previous nominations during the 1980s and 1990s, Khan received his first Filmfare Best Actor Award for his performance in Raja Hindustani in 1996, his biggest commercial success so far.
Once you make the decision to put a property on the market, you want it to move as soon as possible. Here are some thoughts on going from for sale to sold.
“My son immediately noticed that the animal was quite old. He felt sorry for it because it no longer had any front teeth,” Kilian’s father Bernhard Schoettel told the paper.
The Santa Clause ... Hallmark Channel ... 2 PM
He's the type of nerd that every girl likes. If you've seen Fanboys, you know what I mean. He's got “hot nerd” written all over him, with his completely non-buff body, and even his puberty-esque voice.
I don't mean the usual
Wow, I can't believe it's almost April! Where did March go? This year is moving way to fast, yikes!! Today, I have a quick card that I made using the Kate's ABC's cartridge. My card base is 4 1/4 x 5 1/2 and base layer at 4 x 5 1/4. I cut another mat 3 1/4 x 4 1/4 which I distressed using Tim Holtz-Victorian velvet distressed ink and pop dotted this cute vase with flowers cut from Kate's ABC's cartridge. I cut it at 4 1/4 plus the layers, again distressing the pieces. I added a cute little Peachy Keen face from the Dolly Dumplins set.
Probably the very best thing to come of out of this crazy bloggy business (besides all of you telling me what pretty, shiny hair I have) is "meeting" other amazing bloggers. Just Jennifer is one of those bloggers.
Honestly ladies, is there any way in the world that Chris talks to Knox ever again after the poetry in class stunt? Is this a nerdy male fantasy of women that if you are smart and sensitive and a little scary that the head cheerleader might fall for you?
I guess this just means I'll have to go back...you tell me if I'll have company or not.
I've been told I have a great heart to work in special education.
to face the full weight of
I want to explore things with my kids
Oh, yes and we loved the movie and the books. All the classic themes are there in a refreshing original, creative concept. Great job, Kudos Ms. Collins. You’ve been added to my fan girl list of mentors.
English crochet terms used throughout,
The film for Will, though, was inspired by having grown up watching The Million Dollar Man and Bionic Woman television shows. It also came from a discussion about the fictional ”ghost in the machine” and computers being programmed by humans who by design are fallible themselves.
By popular demand I've tried to make this tutorial 'Idiot proof' and have tried to think of every little detail. If anyone has any problems or can see away in which I could improve on it - please let me know.
My favorite egg-holding Buddha. My brother and I always got to this one first.
Box 8:
The three keys to success, a new day dawns slowly and painfully.
But Ms Dial of the True and Robust COP Loyalist is speaking out against it, she wants mayorship or nothing….Ms Dial, Prakash the Gonad-less has already accepted nothing…..so while I admire your fortitude, trust me, the “Eat Ah Food” posse in the COP going to hunker down and chew harder and faster.
Paul Young Come back and stay UK
There’s really a dirth of recipes for single folks who like to cook. I can’t eat a whole pan of lasagna by myself. Even soup makes 6 servings, and let’s be honest, I get tired of it after 3 meals. I know, I know, “Freeze the leftovers!” they say. So I do, and then 6 months later I throw away the frozen tupperware of mysterious, icicle-covered contents.
f. Check out this guy. My husband is doing his new record cover. He’s the fucking best and is now living large in LA. If you’re in the greater Los Angeles area, look him up. Go get a coffee with him. Maybe go for a jog around the Silverlake reservoir.
In the reading “Building Better Instruction”, the author talks about nonlinguistic representations. I agree with this portion of the reading because I know that all students learn in various ways and teaching should be represented in such ways that vary from just a teacher giving a lecture. Students will have more success and a better appreciation for learning when given opportunities that enhance their academic achievement.
Please, don't worry about preorders in the future. We hope to have the situation all sorted by the time Etiquette & Espionage releases and the Manga wasn't effected this time round. In fact, Soulless Vol. 1, the manga hit #2 on NYT's manga list. (Yeah, I didn't know there as one, either.) Hooray! Go little manga go! Rah rah rah! (I blame Alexia's rack.)
Are in his eyes, and in his ears
Even if they're here for a short while.
What did you think of the episode? Leave me a comment.
The photographic process before the 1890s -- before the introduction of camera film -- was a complex and frustrating production. The pursuit of leisure photography, capturing casual, outdoor scenes using a portable camera, was a relatively recent phenomenon. And a camera was only 'portable' in the sense it could be used outside a studio. A wooden-box camera with a tripod and a satchel of delicate lens and exposed plates would have been difficult to transport.
Muslims believe that submitting to the will of the Creator – doing what He wants – is the way to achieve success both in this life and an eternal life to come after death. To use an analogy: if you think of any machine – an appliance, for example – you’ll know that it has a maker; a manufacturer. The manufacturer designed it, built it, and knows best how the appliance should be used and how it should not be used. It knows the maintenance instructions for the appliance, what will make the appliance function to optimal performance levels, and what will damage or destroy the appliance. If you need to know anything about that appliance, the best person or entity to ask is the manufacturer.
Tour dates:
If European skin had whitened through selection for lighter-skinned women, it should have whitened more in women than in men, thus becoming more sexually dimorphic. Yet skin color actually seems to be less dimorphic in Europeans than in other humans (Madrigal & Kelly, 2006). This finding does not necessarily invalidate the sexual selection hypothesis. It may be that the pigmentary sex difference cannot fully express itself in light-skinned populations. Skin color is dimorphic because girls progressively lighten in color during adolescence, and such lightening may be less easily expressed if melanin production is already low. Indeed, this dimorphism seems to be almost absent in people whose skin starts off with very little pigment, such as Dutch and Belgian subjects (Frost, 2007).
She strived to have nice things all her life.
Three Cures For Excessive Sweating
Of course, it was The Monkey Study that was the cited "science" in that email about "science linking vaccines, mercury, and autism." I don't know how that can be, as the study had a control group of THREE monkeys. Based on these control numbers, I could use my own children as a control group and refer to it as science. Based on the level of actual science present in this study, I could also simply write a paper about my own children as counterweight to its findings, as my offspring did not receive the 1994-1999 vaccine schedule or a single vaccine with thimerosal, yet ... here we all are, autism and everything.
The Crazies were trying to cajole Husband into doing something...I seriously can't remember what it was at this point, but they were trying very hard. All of the sudden, Hailey say, "C'mon Bill...let's do it!" Ummmm...who gave her permission to use first names?
Mustard - 1 tsp.
.child abuse
McCarthy was invited to the “Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee Winter Retreat” in Miami Beach in January 2010 at the Ritz Carlton South Beach Resort. Attendants were reportedly told that the “dress for the weekend is casual.”
I am so unbelievably thankful for my parents and the example they have set for me of a loving, committed marriage.
$1 – ISREAL REGARDIE
it's a religious statement.
Good girls don’t get raped.
Let me just make this clear. I do not need a tuk-tuk. If I do, I will approach you.
With alacrity he pulled up his ragged shirt sleeves and bore his dirty hands before Guus. “My name is Offenil. That is my true name, but it holds no power now. It is merely a title. A grouping of sounds. Scrap metal. That is why I can give this to you. It will no longer work from me.”
I recalled narco-politics when I attended the Cebu Bloggers Meet-Up organized by Janette Toral and Max Limpag, and hosted by Sun Star. Janette Toral presented insights on how bloggers can actively participate in the 2010 presidential elections. She stressed the crucial role of bloggers to promote transparency in Philippine elections. Electoral transparency is a prevailing issue which affects the political stability of our nation.
However, I am much more careful when I'm shaving... more vocal too so no one scares me while the blade is at work.
LC: In the end, what I love about all the Greek gods is, paradoxically, their humanity. The Olympian stage they act on is bigger and more magical than our own, but their emotional reactions to events are entirely recognisable to me. They are ourselves, writ large on the heavens.
"Palin": "And I can see Russia from my house."
It's possible that she may have been a little proud of herself. Course I guess I would have been too. There was never a, "Daddy will you hold the bike for me?" It was all her ~ bravery, perseverance, and determination rolled into one.
1. One of the first changes I made when I took a pay cut was starting to buy makeup at WalMart and CVS. When I was in college I discovered Benefit and it was ALL I bought from then on out. Of course in college I worked for disposable income and NOT to pay bills (hello student loan, I hate you). I had to discontinue that (although sometimes I will still splurge on Hoola bronzer or Erase Paste-loove Erase Paste for undereye circles/darkness) and go drugstore on my makeup. Overall it has not been bad at all and I think most drugstore makeup works just as well! I think this bronzer from e.l.f. is about as good as Benefit's Hoola. And the best part is it's $3!! Can't beat that. My verdict is that department store makeup is just not worth it.
There was something I wanted to say
$99.95
Would you like to increase your strength and join the Avengers as they fight all that is evil in this wretched world? (Anyone else excited to see this?) Congratulations, eat the same way, just more of it. We can get all nerdy with calorie intake and macronutrient ratios, but why not keep it simple until you have to? Keep your protein intake up, consume more fats in the form of coconut oil/milk, olive oil, and nuts, make sure you have a large sum of starchier carbohydrates both pre- and post- workout and you are set. Every 2 weeks increase your food intake by 300 calories or so if your numbers aren’t going up.
……Formerly Known as MJ:
Joe was 10 minutes late for the party, but it was fine. He had a lot of fun. Captain America got ready and headed out for Ice Skating. I had about 35 minutes before I had to go to the next party :) Busy day, I know ;)
CONTRA: The posts will always be of the same type kwIm? Traditionally Monday is Robp0rn Monday, Wednesday is Robp33n Wednesday and Friday is Anonymous Robcoholics Friday. Yes, we could change that up, but why fix something that is not necessarily broken?
Thanks so much Lisa Marie and Richard for sharing your jaw-droppingly gorgeous day with us! And congrats and best wishes for a beautiful future together. xox.
I've witnessed up close -- often way too close -- how combat has morphed from soldier vs. soldier (now a rarity in Africa) to soldier vs. civilian. Most of today's African fighters are not rebels with a cause; they're predators. That's why we see stunning atrocities like eastern Congo's rape epidemic, where armed groups in recent years have sexually assaulted hundreds of thousands of women, often so sadistically that the victims are left incontinent for life. What is the military or political objective of ramming an assault rifle inside a woman and pulling the trigger? Terror has become an end, not just a means.
On the other hand, when we feel contraction, that’s like a red light telling us to stop whatever we’re doing and not move forward.
Let us not forget that Barack Obama’s White House immediately jumped out to champion these ne’er-do-wells, seeking to perhaps bail some water from his sinking Titanic. Worse yet was the gaggle of DeMarxist freaks that trailed out behind him in the statist media. From Debbie (The Mouth) Wasserman Schultz to Michael (I’m filthy rich, a corporation in my own right, but I’m one of you) Moore… who it is said can clear a whole square by himself by simply walking upwind from it.
Why doesn't my workplace benefit plan cover all my daughter's wisdom teeth surgery costs and why do dentists charge $4000 an hour and why didn't I find this out in the first place when we scheduled the surgery and really, what different does it really make because it just had to be done and why the hell do we have wisdom teeth anyway?
they left the noon of Wednesday and i was not able to send them off as i left really early for office… it was a little sad to come back to my apartment with things neatly arranged and with a note in my kitchecn counter from Lani …
The army and the armed forces shall be a national institution responsible for defending the security of the homeland and its territorial integrity. This institution shall be in the service of the people’s interests and the protection of its objectives and national security.
Of course we understand that western nations want to retain the nuclear advantage but as a Nationalist I cannot fathom quite how you justify telling a sovereign nation, "Hey, you will not make the educational, technological, financial and security developments that this technology brings becaude you are different to us and that scares us". This is in effect what is happening. What needs to happen is that the whole world needs to realise that nuclear technology is a global game changer and one heck of a planetary responsibility. Nations who have it need to restrict the movement of the technology and nations that develop the technology need to be helped to face up to the responsibility that comes with it. Without interfering I am sure that Iran can be taught much for example about the containment, transportation and ecological management of nuclear material. International mentoring on these and other non military issues would be helpful to everyone.
If someone asked Andronicus and Julia in those days of cruel Saul, they would likely say: “He’s an idiot, but we are praying for him.”
When we go back to Buenos Aires in two weeks, it will have been almost exactly sixteen years since I left. I’ve been examining my own life and what has changed in those sixteen years and wondering how much Buenos Aires itself has changed since then.
Which I think is the best thing about Fireside Chat. Do we need another monster Holiday Ale, checking in at 12% abv, brewed with Frankincense, Candy Cane Sugar, and Reindeer Must? I think not.
Too often kindness is relegated to a random act performed only when we’re feeling good. But an even greater kindness (to ourselves and others) occurs when we reach out even when we aren’t feeling entirely whole. It’s not easy, and no one is perfect. But we’ve decided it’s not impossible to brighten the world one smile, one kind word, one blog post at a time. To that end, a few of us writers have established The Kindness Project, starting with a series of inspirational posts.
Scott McCormick: The book is based on a cat I used to have named Mr Pants. He was a very precocious animal who used to have all sorts of adventures in my old neighborhood in Philadelphia. He seemed like an obvious inspiration for a children's book; however, when I tried to write one based on his real-life adventures, he suddenly didn't seem very interesting. After all, in kid's books, animals do all sorts of wild and crazy things. Snoopy gets into dogfights with the Red Baron... Mr Pants once got on a Septa bus. Not very interesting. So I shelved it.
It is believed that the killers, who had been chased off, returned to the house and waited for Ernest to get into bed.
Now, to be fair, I was once one of them. I was seventeen and I wanted to do absofuckinglutely everything there was to do. Twice. I did allll the big stuff: Sacré Coeur, Notre Dame, Louvre, d'Orsay, Grand Palais, l'Opéra and the list goes on. By day three I had trigger finger, was partially blind and had a permanent cramp in my cheeks from smiling for the birdy. I even have a photo with a panhandler and his drugged pets. I thought they were so cute, "sleeping" under his blanket in a baby carriage, and I gave him a few coins for kibble. So naive, was I.
Located next to the famous City Lights bookstore, owned by Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Vesuvio is an elaborate dark wood Victorian 2 level bar made famous as a drinking hole for the Beats. It’s a great place to people-watch and imagine times gone by when it was frequented by these bohemian literary types. We drank Sierra Nevada on draft, and Lagunitas IPA from a bottle, 5.7&. Lagunitas brewery is based in Petaluma, California, where we somehow ended up after getting lost on Highway 1 (how can you get lost on Highway 1?! That’s another story). I wanted to try Lagunitas IPA as I heard that it was brewed with about 43 varieties of hops. I think the brewery are probably messing with us when they say that, but who am I to say? It was certainly hoppy but I got a hint of pear which I didn’t enjoy too much, so it wasn’t my favourite beer. It may have tasted different if I had managed to get it on tap.
In honor of the Kentucky Derby, I give you a few pieces of Louisville.
~ Bartending is really peopletending.
And some people believe that the day of the blog has come and gone and that blogging is dead. (I think it is authors such as myself who are just dog-dead tired of blogging to too many sites!) But with the numbers *stats* so good with all of mine, including this one, I do not know that this belief has any footing.
*** Until Friday, May 18:
Yes. That's it. I had guessed it was because they were afraid they'd lose their blessings that they turned to serve and worship other gods. Or that they'd grown lazy and self-confident, too busy or disinterested to seek for and do His will - why bother, things are going pretty well, right? Or maybe, I ventured, it was pressure to accommodate to the "foreigners'" ways (vendors, etc., in their midst) that always helped trip them up. And, I'm still guessing all these things contributed. I know I was guessing partly based on why I turn from God and His "right road" and head for other ways to try and satisfy myself. But here it is, in black and white, if not in bold, the real reason why they (and we) keep tripping up with regard to following God and seeking Him and His ways. Our hearts become prideful and forget Him and what He's done for us. Oh. I hate to think of myself that way. But I find it to be oh, so true in my own life, and probably for others, as well. We're not altogether different from one another in that way, after all.
In March, Quaker moved creative advertising to Omnicom’s Energy BBDO, Chicago, from BBDO sibling Juniper Park in Toronto. The cereal, oatmeal and snack-bar maker spent $59.7 million in measured media on its brands in 2011, according to Kantar Media.
Bennett: Well as far as that question is concerned, my answer; there are endless amounts of bands and songs that I never get tired of listening to. But, recently I have been listening to a lot of Deafheaven. A really awesome, ambient/blackmetal/ epic band out of California. They have just been blowing up like crazy the past few months. I for sure recommend a good listen to their stuff! A movie I never get tired of watching...hmmm. Well, I guess I would have to say V For Vendetta. That movies RULES
The point?!
It was an adventure because it was raining, but I had the store in mind that I knew would sell cards. However because I couldn´t remember exactly where I had seen it, I got off at the wrong metro stop. On top of that it was rainy and FREEZING. I wandered around downtown for a while, found a book store, and a pretty awesome church, both of which will be visited again sometime in the near future, preferably on a less rainy day. I got back on the metro, and got off on my stop for the uni (uni = university. now and forevermore) because I had class in 1 hour, went to a store that looked like it might sell cards, but they didn´t so the guy directed me to a bookstore (una libreria :D) that would sell them. I went there, looked around and found language guides I thought would be useful (Russian..mainly so I can still practice but with Spanish as a reference point (!!!), German -for Austria :D (and Germany); Italian -for Italy, duh. haha, and in case I can´t remember something after what, a year of not taking Italian, and Portuguese. :D)
Nothing too spectacular here but was it worth two quarters? I'd say so.
1) This morning I woke up at 5:10 a.m. and was gleeful because I knew I had another half-hour to sleep before the alarm went off. Isn't that the most wonderful feeling?
So Corpus Christi may well have wished to forget that Marlowe existed. There is precedence for this too. Henry Butts, Corpus Christi master in 1632, worked heroically to relieve suffering during the plague, but later went insane. This was deemed ‘a disgrace’, and his portrait was taken down and hidden.
Akin to their heavily muscled, racially ambiguous brethren, the Paul brothers bring an off-kilter approach to their line readings that causes the person who is watching and listening to tilt their head slightly to the side while simultaneously making a nonplussed expression with their face. Loudly screaming their dialogue with heightened sense of urgency, the Peter and David bring an unconventional charm to their roles. Whether uttering nonsensical gibberish, babbling incoherently or merely mixing their metaphors, the thickly structured duplicates do so with an exaggerated brand of comical desperation.
Here is how Wynn arrived (pictured with "Rayne"):
Abraham Lincoln said, "If you look for the bad in people expecting to find it, you surely will". Every job has its ups and downs and, as artists, we are especially prone to getting frustrated and disillusioned. But within all of us there was once a younger, more idealized person who got into this business because we wanted to do good work and learn how to be a better artist. No matter how frustrated you are with your job, those things are still within your control and nobody can keep you from doing your best work or learning to be a better artist: that's entirely within your control.
- Max. age 27 years old
As discussed previously, peregrines are protected by law. They are rare and threatened by man in the wider countryside. The last few years have seen a rise in the number of thefts and damage to peregrine nests from egg collectors. The number of incidents involving young and adult birds being stolen or killed has also risen. It is a myth that their UK population is high. It is only just recovering to pre-1940's levels, when their numbers crashed due to damage by pesticides that caused thinning of egg shells and failure to hatch.
Making sushi may seem like an intimidating undertaking, but trust me, it’s pretty simple, and very gratifying. The first roll or two may fall apart on you, but try again and you’ll eventually get the hang of it. Luckily, all your mistakes will still be delicious!
His friend, a native Frenchie, was also there, en route to Poland.
You will not be forgotten, you will always be remembered as heroes. Every one of you. Whether you lost your life on 9/11, narrowly escaped or helped others to safety…we will not forget you. Some of you lost your lives that day and we will not allow you to die in vain. We have sought out those responsible and this kind of terror will not happen to another country if we have anything to say about it! To the Firemen and Policemen who worked that fateful day, we owe you big. You may say you were just doing your job, but you saved lives that day. You risked your life so a father, a mother or someone’s child could come home to them. You are a true hero in every sense of the world. Every American is thankful to you.
As a college speaker, Loren speaks on an array of topics to fit diverse audiences with the end results being to inspire, motivate and empower musicians to business persons, entertainers to accountants and everyone in between.
and she’s reaching for the sky
Okay, besides my husband and my children (and to be frank, today, the munchkins may or may not be on that list...did I just say that out loud???)...
Saldaña: When I started the story, it was from Roelito’s point of view, but then I got to a place where he would have to tell stuff about his older brother Beto that he had no real way of telling true. It was never a question in my mind.
Welcome to Twitter Hop Thursday, hosted by Simply Stacie,The King's Court IV, Little Yaya's, and Review Retreat!
Hanging file folders
They are amazing, and soooo talented.
I have more photos and things to share about his special day, but for now I just want to share some photos. After we all rest up and recover from our adventures in illness I will share the rest of the day.
PS: will be posting today at the DOJO. And I have to give a huge THANK YOU to everyone who follows my posting at this blog and the other two I contribute to. I really appreciate your support! (Ya, I'm getting a little sappy today.)
Every one in pretty Spring Colours :o)
The Meyer Lemon is not actually a real lemon but a cross between a lemon, a type of orange and a mandarin. While it retains most of the characteristics of a lemon, it has a bit less acidity, less bitterness, more sweetness and thinner skin. The skin of the Meyer Lemon lacks the typical zest of a real lemon. It has gained favor because it bears a heavy crop and it is a relatively hardy plant.Ignore the part about the zest. I used every molecule of that lemon I got and the zestiness of the skin was just fine. In fact, it's an advantage because you don't have to scrape the pith, which in itself has lots of bioflavanoids.
This was the first time in our history that men began to openly question the ideas laid forth in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution.
Next to be profiled was an enigmatic and often moody, yet spectacular Frenchman who had only one moment of glory to show for his 200+ events in the sport, Jean Alesi.
Recipes are sometimes like that too. Some works, some don't.
“You know what I’d like to be?” I said. “You know what I’d like to be? I mean if I had my goddam choice?”
. . . And those eyes watched, each the other, watched, seeking the memory of that forgotten singleness, watched with eyes familiar, eyes that echoed the struggle to remember, eyes like the autumn leaves of the mythic stonewood tree--gold and grey and mauve.From this taste of how de Lint conveys his tale, hopefully you can see that my summary--that Carrie discovers her magical ability in order to help Tarn--doesn't do the story justice.
His nickname, "The Nightmare," made me think of an agency president I worked with almost two decades ago. If I were a little more clever I would have called him back in 1993 'Warren "The Nightmare" Dechter.'
“You know, May the fourth. Can we leave a little early for school?”
Each time I “find” it again.
The last word (for me): bookcation
985 *D-IX/20/1987. “On the Judging of Judges: The Bork Case.” (With Leon Despres and Jamie Kalven.) K.A.M.-Isaiah Israel Congregation, Chicago, Illinois. (Incorporated in Item C-1990(4), above, pp. 1150-57.)
“Mianhe Seohyun-ah.. But i think this is the best thing for us.” I looked at her with a sorry stare. Honestly, i feel bad for doing this to her. But i dont have another choice, because i dont love her anymore.
But enough of philosophy, enjoy this amazing movies!
*turns up the volume on her Pandora ‘Rat Pack’ station*
The glyphs follow a particular progression, and are intended to move from Imix (dragon) to Ahau (the sun), or from the birth of existence to realization of the highest ideal. Some of these archetypal glyphs appear in other traditions, like Cimi (death), Lamat (star), Muluc (moon), Oc (dog), and others have a distinctly Maya flavour to them, such as Ix (jaguar) or Etznab (flint).
And when naive clients tell me they want to do some of that "social media stuff, you know like Twitter and Facebook" -- for which they will assign responsibility to the lowest ranking person in their organization -- I have to leave the room.
I thank God for showing me His truth, I don’t have to subject myself to those lies that satan tries to feed me, now don’t misunderstand me there are times when I still fall into those lies but just then God reminds me that it’s not true and I don’t have to believe the enemy.
23.Rev. Rice & Congregation / Leaving All To Follow Jesus
There is no one ‘model person’ standard that we all compare ourselves to, to determine whether we are worth more or less than others. Our world is made up of billions of individuals that are all different, even if they look similar or act in a similar way. Even though we can be similar we are not the same. And if we are all not the same, we are valuable for our uniqueness.
plus shipping..
‘It was a lovely day for the drive,’ Nash remarked, ‘But devilish cold for drawing when we got to the hills…. The woods in the hollow below were crowded with wild pigeons which alternately sailed in the clouds over the tops of the trees or settled in the branches where they sat so thick the woods looked like monstrous orchards bursting into bloom.’
Hondros and his friend Ravinder Singh, 31, later picked up the victim and her friend from a train station before going to Singh's home in suburban Lalor in September last year.
Because I want you to hear
Little Man definitely keeps us in stitches. He has the absolute best personality! Recent obsessions also include Tho.mas the Train and B0b the Buil.der. He has a B0b doll that he must know the location of at all times or else a freak out will commence.
with a street dog theme
Alan Woollcombe wrote Rupert Bear, interviewed 'duck man' Carl Barks on his only visit to the UK, watched a lunar eclipse with one of the original Dan Dare artists, and had a Mexican meal with Frank Miller in LA. Now in exile in Cornwall, he divides his time between journalism and PR, but is open to offers via alanwoollcombe@yahoo.com
In honor of nearly every blogger's favorite fall drink making its annual debut today, I decided to do another post inspired by taste/color.
Who decided this board was the Alpha and Omega of the roads projects in Greenville County? How did this rather shadowy group of politicians get put in charge of millions of dollars, as well as the power to steal a private-business-owner's property? Most local citizens I have talked to, did not realize GPATS was calling the shots instead of the SC Department of Transportation.
God desires a change in our hearts, and will shake the world’s financial system to bring us out of bondage to Money and back to him. Having said that, those who listen to God’s warning now can take some practical steps to be prepared for the crisis. We don’t have to lose our whole life savings. (But even if we do, remember it’s just “very little” – no matter what the amount – compared to God’s currency.)
Looked good on the outside and from the website, but almost as soon as I entered the front doors, I wanted to bolt. It was unorganized, appeared to be understaffed (and the staff that were there were just sort of standing around watching the kids, not engaging at all), and OMG it was utter fucking chaos. My tour guide didn't know the answers to half of the questions I was asking, and the whole place just reminded me of "Lord of the Flies". There were about 100 kiddos just going nuts all over the place. Seriously. I kept looking for the kid holding the conch. When I finally got the helloutta there, I had a horrible sick feeling, like I'd been kicked in the gut. I was terrified that the next tour would yield the same results, and then we'd be screwed.
My image is "kisses" by the uber talented Mo Manning. You can find her here. I coloured her with Copics. and added stickles to the dots on her dress and her petticoats. Her necklace charm and shoes have been glazed.
Mazwayi’s opinion was echoed by a score of residents interviewed in parts of Khayelitsha where vigilante action is common.
But wouldn't you know it...
SCHLESSINGER: I didn't spew out the "nigger" word.
4:30 am BST May 6th (London)
Until then, I have a ton of shit to do.
Last but not least are the fun goodies. There is the choice of detection powers and spell-like abilities. The detection powers can only be used once a round and vary from simple things like detecting good in a 20' area to detecting sloping passages though I am slightly disappointed at the available variety as it is clearly missing the detect meal and what kind power which was present in OD&D and is the power I would want because of all the interesting uses it has. Now to segue into the spell-like abilities I will mention that on a roll of 98 to 100 on the detection table you get a spell-like abilities instead. Abilities of which only a bright brand with an intelligence of 12 will always have are usable 3 times a day and go from a simple double damage for 1d10 rounds to Teleportation. All of the abilities barring the double damage and regeneration are based straight off of something else, most generally a Magic User spell though a few are from magic items. This mostly wraps up this scintillating post though I would like to mention that by the book it is slightly more "broken" then in OD&D as you can get all the detection powers and all the spell-like abilities as many times as you like because the rolls that let you roll on the tables again are not restricted though as the DM is the person that should be rolling these up it should not be any problem at all.
Last weekend my friend Jen came over to help brew a batch of porter (Sweet Dead Lion), and we were reading from the best brewing book of all time, just admiring the way that Charlie Papazian respects the life of each individual yeast. Jen referred to the little guys as “Yeastie Beasties.” We decided to make a few loaves of bread while we were at it, and they turned out great (hope the porter turns out as great!) She asked me to share the recipe, so here it is:
I should note here that all of the above is pure, undiluted ex post facto rationalization for a bunch of XP benchmarks that were, in all probability, made up without any rhyme or reason, or at least not as much as we might wish. My general feeling is that, in practice, the differences in XP benchmarks don't mean a lot till you're in the mid to high levels anyway. Likewise, I'm pretty dismissive of trying to balance one class against another based on some "objective" calculus, since, especially in an old school game, so much of any character's effectiveness depends heavily on his player and the referee. That's not to say I don't find articles like Crabaugh's interesting and occasionally useful, only that, as I get older, I find I care less and less about the fact that the buff cleric needs 500 XP less than the fighter, while the weakling MU needs 500 more.
…most Australian workers, over 8m in total, now have a private nest-egg for their old age. No tax is paid when members withdraw from their fund; they can take all they want as a lump sum, subject to a limit, or buy an annuity. Aussies are now a nation of capitalists. At the same time the state pension system, and therefore the taxpayer, is being progressively relieved of most of the burden of retirement provision, since eligibility for the state pension depends on both assets and income. As supers take over, the provision for old folks’ incomes will be almost entirely based on defined contributions, not defined benefits. So Australia is in the happy position of not having to worry too much about the pension implications of an ageing population… The supers…have created a pool of capital in Australia that might not otherwise have existed. Collectively worth about $1.3 trillion—much the same as GDP—they have made Australia the world’s fourth-largest market for pension savings.
The Establishment isn't strong, it's weak, and hated by vast sections of the population, possibly a majority as we see from the turn out figures for General Elections, and the results; it has virtually no presence at street level, it's ideas are manifestly bankrupt and it has nearly destroyed our society, our economy and our culture. They only look good by comparison to the inadequates who have led radical nationalism.
Each and every time path in addition uses, to there are a selection regarding a variety of and also so on.
Are there any action figure collectors out there that live in Central Alberta Canada? I would love to see your collection and share my own with you. It would be cool to have someone to go to the toy aisles with. Maybe we can make it a monthly mall visit thing with lunch. I was even accept the companionship with people who don't like action figures but who think it would be fun to just hang out with me (and they would be right).
I'm interested to hear some of the weirdest places you hooked up/ could have hooked up!
Organize one or two drawers. Here's the thing--did you realize that most women have the same odds and ends in their "junk drawer?" Yes, we do. Ask one of your friends, and you'll see. And if you took a minute to analyze the junk you'd also see that this junk can be organized into 5-6 categories. Grab a handful of large Ziploc bags and slip items of similarity into each:
1284 D-XI/8/1997. “Euripides’ Bacchae and the Decline of the Classical World.” Staff Seminar, The Basic Program of Liberal Education for Adults, The University of Chicago, Chicago, Illinois.
that disability is not the end and being handicapped doesn’t weaken the spirits
Nope. Carolyn Petit, an experienced GameSpot enthusiast in both reading and editing, said that despite some grotesque character designs, the game had tedious combat, terrible boss battles, a generally underdeveloped world, a distractedly unstable camera, and a number of tech problems of minor level. She gave the game 4 merits overall: Brutal (the good), Shallow, Bad Camera, and Derivative (the bad). Petit wrapped up her review with a 3/10 score, a “bad” on the scale. After this cold review, Bloodforge found no luck at IGN, either. Steven Hopper, a level-four editor, praised the game’s visuals and graphics, but criticism got the better of him for numerous reasons: an awful camera, a shallow story, derivative gameplay, and bringing nothing unique and/or innovative to the table to yak up. Hopper said that the game was a bad competitor against series like God of War or Darksiders, and considering the Arcade’s other chockful of prime experiences, it was hard to recommend Bloodforge to anyone, anywhere, anywho. He gave the game a 4/10 score, another “bad” on the meter. Joystiq handed out yet another 3/5-star score, saying that it would be more difficult to confront as a full-priced standalone, and that its action would be tiresome lasting any longer than its campaign, clocking in at a rough five hours’ worth. Attempt to play this game as thoughtfully as Microsoft developed it, you’ll come out disappointed. Attempt to play it whilst accepting it as a button-masher, and you’ll come out guiltily pleased. So overall, Bloodforge might offer a small portion, but all-around, it looks like you should skip this opportunity.
Further, Spain makes things. But Greece does not.
Few parks have captured the imagination of the public like New York City’s High Line. Built upon a 1.45-mile-long abandoned elevated rail structure running from Gansevoort Street to West 34th Street on Manhattan’s West Side, the High Line has become the most famous new park in the City, attracting over 5 million visitors since the first phase opened in 2009.
Is that enough reflections?
Countless times, I’d encounter commenters asking, “I thought this was a parenting blog! Why are you always talking about this race stuff?” For a parent of color, navigating race and racism is a parenting issue. Already, as one of the few Asian Americans at her school, my six-year-old has come home asking me why classmates insist she’s Chinese or ask her where she’s really from. And I know that it will be far too easy for my smart, personable girl who also happens to be really shy in large groups and with authority figures to get lost in the stereotype of the quiet Asian girl, and that it’s my job to monitor, teach, and intervene.
Foul Line - The black line at the start of the lane.
Next door is an old short-haired gray who’s spent most of its’ life in an apartment. Can’t decide if it’s just dim-witted, naive, or if the fat around its frame has also clogged the arteries of his brain.
I believe we are now fully able to work on the Orphanage fee, that will be about $7000. This covers the orphanage caring for my child and the children who will not be adopted. Less than 1% of the 147 Million Orphans will be adopted....So, truly, raising that fee might be the most emotional aspect of this.... Not that I don't appreciate paying the amazing team at Lifeline for doing what they do.
#whereareyouat?
They dance, they play, with souls on Halloween.
Have a go: Draw. I’m not sure Monaghan will have enough to win the game, but a draw isn’t beyond them. Sligo will need to keep their discipline in this game. Monaghan can frustrate as well as score.
*Some people save out yogurt from the batch, for starter from the next batch. It works, but I use fresh starter every time (unless I've run out). Starters can become contaminated with other bacteria over time, and cause the batch to fail
But, on this day, her birthday, I will think of Ceremony and how it convinced me, as Silko herself was convinced as a child, that one of the most powerful ways to seek justice and healing is through stories.
At 3.30pm each day, he says, the pot on the left is thrown out and some of the stock on the right is transferred. The process of boiling down new bones in both pots begins again.
Now I'm feeling bad for imaginary aliens!
Riddle Answer: He was feeling crummy.
When I’m editing everything else is put aside, sometimes even meals and housework. I hand everything over to the family and say feed me and check for signs of life every so often :-)
as did a factory, a church hall and a pub.
God says, ”Come home. Here you will find rest.”
And drags you out of paradise
Now on to the physcological craziness of pregnancy and gaining weight!!!! When I found out I was pregnant of course the 1st thing I thought was oh shit!! weight gain. I decided not to stress about it ( or try not to ) and was doing ok with that until the past few weeks.
get my hair done, shave my legs
Well, the truth is...no one is really right or wrong in this situation. Reading is a subjective experience. What may rub one reader the wrong way will totally tickle the fancy of another. This is a NO WIN game. You're never going to be able to please everyone. The only thing you CAN control is satisfying yourself and feeling confident that you've analyzed and broken down each and every comment and taken or discarded all of them in the vein of trying to make your book the best it can be.
"Come to Akita, Come to Tohoku!"
Also found within the pages of Paul’s second letter to the Corinthians are words that I refer back to often, especially in moments of weakness and/or pain…
We always lived in rented houses.
Took a train to this place where they sell really cheap apparel... it resembles something like Bangkok's Platinium mall, which is located near East Nanjing Road.
I heard a laugh that was closer than I wanted it to be. Come on Simon, ask her.
Short-term contract based in South Africa.
But out of three choices, Romney, Santorum, and Gingrich, Romney won with 39.1% of the votes.
Even though it became nigh on impossible to find an affordable plumber, few members of the underclass were willing to learn the trade. They preferred to sit at home watching satellite television on incapacity benefit or income support, rather than work.
John Townend(C) who wrote in 1991, that Government “ministers wanted to turn the British into a "mongrel" race and the Commission for Racial Equality should be abolished.” In 1989, he suggested deportation of Muslims who opposed Salman Rushdie's Satanic Verses, "England must be reconquered for the English".
at ease in the moment
Remember in the book the psychology of the electric fence in 12? It was never on, but she always like listened to make sure. Remember how hunting was hard? Remember how everyone was basically starving all the time? They are in the forest for 3 seconds, they are all well fed, Gale even had Tiger Beat magazine hair. Food was such a big deal in the book from hunting, to putting your name in the bag more for grain, to eating crazy shit in the Capitol to starving to death eight times in the arena.
The whole idea of this expedition is to help to socialise rescue cats, so they can get used to nice people and then go on to nice people’s homes. There must be about thirty of them, and they smell. Not so much of cat, but because it’s dinner time and there are bowls of steaming cat food everywhere being eagerly gobbled up by little furry critters. Plus, I think, the odd accident. Ms M and me spend half an hour stroking every cat that’ll come near us. Surprisingly, they’re all purry and friendly and seem to be happy to gather in our laps. Ms M is entranced. “They’re so unbelievably cute!”
Luna is an 8<U+2033> x 14<U+2033> silk painting with intricate detailing surrounding a bright green butterfly and Hummingbird-Teacup is 5<U+2033> x 7<U+2033> that showcases a hummingbird fluttering above a freshly placed teacup.
I love the shape of the leaves – they’re like little hearts. They’re growing quite long so at the moment I have them trailing down the side of the kitchen cabinets, however the plan is to get some floating shelves put up. I’ll also need a shelf for my latest purchase today:
Alright, friends, I'm off to get ready for my hot date tonight! Eric and I are headed to dinner and a movie and I can't wait! OH! One more thing, I can't finish this post without giving a MAJOR shout out to my super smart and hard working hubs. He passed his boards this week! Which is a HUGE weight off of him, I've never seen him so anxious and nervous. But he did it! and I'm so proud and thankful!
With the sun gone, the north-easterly gained a sharp edge and I snuggled into my sleeping bag. The fabric of my Big Agnes Three Wire Bivy snapped and crackled in the wind and sleep was fitful at best. I did sleep, though, as glances at my watch confirmed that hours had passed when it only felt like minutes.
and though time, too, runs out
We married exactly 3 years after that first 'date'- May Day weekend 1984.
Though of course there are some people who will look at you as a defective human being because your problems are mental, I am canny enough to not share the details of my condition with them. The trouble that I have had. has to do with friends who expect that someone with bipolar disorder should behave like a raving lunatic and since I don't, I may have allowed myself to be misdiagnosed.
- James A. Dukes, Ph D., Dr. Duke’s Essential Herbs
Artist: Harold Ousley
Leopold Nowak (1904-1991) succeeded Robert Haas
(3)Mix as quickly as possible with a sturdy wooden spoon.
If you really just wanted orange this is the way to go! Or any other color because this seller has several. These are all hand made in a smoke free pet free home so there is nothing to worry about harming your little jelly bean! Great for those surprise gender babies, orange is really coming into style and I'm personally becoming a big fan of it!
They also have to re-register four times a year, and if they miss an appointment, they can go to jail. In some communities, they have to turn their lights off on Halloween. In others, they have to answer the door saying, “I’m a registered sex offender.” All because of this stupid prank they pulled at age 14.
Particularly notable is a July 11, 1949 document that refers to the FBI’s desire to acquire “world-wide information on animal diseases and animal population.”
"Would anyone like some wine?"
I NEVER get to be alone these days, so this is a big treat for me!
Even a small Ordinariate parish in a town can become the front porch of Catholicism where passerby can sit under the eves and chat and become familiar with the stranger’s faith. There the inquisitive can received studied, thoughtful and challenging answers that will inspire the heart and free the mind.
30" high
2) Run or do yoga 3-5 times a week. I ran well into my third trimester but haven't done either of my favorite forms of exercise since the baby was born. Both of these are, for me, as much mental as they are physical, and making the time to take care of myself is something I need to work really hard on. Motherhood is teaching me that I need to make an effort to spend time on myself, and this specific goal will help me do that.
Well, over the weekend I finished my buffet/ server but of course I forgot my camera cord to upload. *Dumb*
Milton Keynes social services said the teenager had been ‘age assessed following established procedure and deemed to be 15 years of age and thus was accepted as a child in care’.
7. Add the lemon juice, feta cheese and parsley.
The metaphor of brain as computer running software breaks down under scrutiny. However, as a provocation to think in a new way, it helped people break new ground. Instead of being stuck in the stories they created to rationalize their problems, it provoked people to look at the process of experiencing that problem. Instead of labelling states like confidence as unteachable, it provoked people to study the process of becoming confident.
Ositelu, Rufus Okikiolaolu Olubiyi, African Instituted Churches, London, Transaction Publishers, 2002.
In some respects it is difficult for me to feel sorry for the people of Wisconsin. Part of me says: You voted for the Republicans, now you are feeling the full impact of avarice and stupidity, brought to you by the Koch Brothers, “Buying Up America One State at a Time.” The activist part of me (the much larger part of me) says support the people of Wisconsin and encourage them to recall the very people they voted for during the mid-term elections. This latest move of stripping nearly all collective bargaining rights from public workers seems like something one would read from a history book, or a Steinbeck novel. Denying workers bargaining rights seems so unconscionable that I can’t imagine why more people are not enraged. I suppose rather than holding Walker and his Republican henchmen responsible, we could always just blame the unions (now eunuchs) and blame teachers. We all know how powerful and wealthy teachers are!
All I can say Mr Peters is this.
This year’s focus areas are:
so i guess nobody's lonely any more
One day, as he was working on an aristocratic portrait,tired and bored by the ugly face of the Lady, he had the idea to replace her face by his own dog’s face! The first ‘aristochien’ was born!
This computer is very difficult to type with, so this will be a short letter...
Jim asked: With all of the reports of ‘honor killings’ in the US and abroad – is there actually any Qur’anic basis for this practice?
Publication Year: March 15, 2012
Yes High School was a difficult time. So much was happening as the war in Vietnam was winding down and the social movements were still in full swing. Only problem was the drug scene was making its way through teenagers at a faster rate than women’s liberation. What’s a boy to do? Luckily for me I did find a few friends. First there was Yury (Zhivago) and Alexis (Zorba) and that English guy named Copperfield and I moved on to Lord Jim and of course my favorite (Heart of Darkness). I do remember many lazy afternoons when I was once again not doing my homework. Instead I would stretch out on my bed and read The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings while listening to Crosby Stills Nash and Young (4 Way Street) over and over and over again. Of course reading J.R.R. Tolkien ruined my singing voice as I tried to get the dwarf tunes down pat.
Although I took a mini-break during Firelands and missed our Fandral kill, once we were progressing through FL, we had some speed bumps but nothing like Ragnaros. Our difficulties with the fight were probably a combination of raid composition and just playing style, but we eventually put him on the back-burner until we were ready to finish the Legendary. And even then, in Dragon Soul gear, it wasn’t easy for us!
AND I'm just going to stick with a few front of home touches for this tour. Maybe I'll have the rest of our home ready for Nester's party later this week. So here we are. My favorite part of our home to decorate - the door. In the past I've done it big. I've done it burlappy. And this year I went back to nature. My goal in all these looks is to say WELCOME!
It was something I wrestled with all day. I was reminded of how important I am to him, and how He does love me and care about it. I am His child and I feel like I had forgotten such an important thing.
detoxifier and can readily be converted into glucosamines, the foundation of
denial of adequate medical care.
All this has lead me to think about how can I preserve my own kids memories of their childhoods. Over the last week I have started creating personal coffee table books for each of my children. While I have made coffee table books before, I have never made individual ones so the children can take their own books with them when they leave home. I now have the pain staking task of sorting through all my 2008 and 2009 photos to create their books and then I plan to make one book a year for each of them.
without doubt he will perish everlastingly.
Kingston’s main shopping centre
Regular Beers: Indiana Amber, Razz-Wheat (fruit beer), Gnaw Bone (pale ale), Alabaster (Belgian witbier), Snake Pit (porter), Superfly (IPA)
Steph and Levi are hanging in there. Yesterday, Levi's ANC count finally went from 0 to 44. Today it rose even higher to 96. This was awesome news. His other counts continue to rise, and he continues to regain strength. He is taking laps around his crib while holding on to the rail, and today took a couple of steps for Steph. I think Steph was finally able to convice the phyical therapists to quit coming by, as Levi does more when playing with her than he does when they try to mess with him. He did have one fever yesterday, which the doctor wasn't thrilled to see, but I think today he was keeping the temp down. I know the doctor wants to see the fevers go away before he lets Levi come home, so please be in prayer that they stay away.
Right choices = Right results
1. cutting a 3/4" circle from Lacy Labels
One the side, I can be as honest with people in person as I have been here. I can confess my faults mistakes, and more importantly accept them, and exercise patience in overcoming them. I can ask for help, and be thankful to those who give it.
RE: LAW FIRM DIRECTORIES
Colorado Springs, CO 80906
DO NOT just give us your blog address, we can look through your blogs anyway, we only want specific blog posts please.
For more information about radiation, visit the web sites listed below.
BEAT on high speed 5 minutes or until smooth and creamy.
that is made vulnerable by an obedient shutter,
past my window
I never was completely sure if the protective circle around the sign-waving crowd was to protect them or contain them.
After a few days the sales associate called me and told me my ring was ready to be picked up and I was more than happy to go get it. I had the ring back for literally TWO days before the same exact diamond fell out again. So I called and was assured I wouldn't be charged a fee and was told I could bring my ring back in and they would fix it for free.
After a few more murders, they soon realize that the killing that are happening are pretty much copies of the original murders, but with a twist. These killing follow the new generation of horror film rules which pretty much are the old rules, but in reverse.here's a quick run down of that.
The photographers from some architecture magazine turned up yesterday after lunch and dragged us into the car park for some corny comedy group shots. If I manage to get hold of one I'll post it, but sheesh … they gave the boss a pair of shears and made us all twiddle with our moustaches while he pretended to attack us. Magazine photographer must be almost as soul destroying and thankless a profession as wedding photographer.
The old Rose in the movie was telling her story and this is a line that I am planning to make a sampler with as soon as I get unpacked and rested.
Nah, who am I kidding, will be up all night again as always.
In the Timothy letters, the emphasis is on the widows. The young ones are encouraged to get remarried so that they will be too occupied with household tasks to fall into gossip and idleness. The old ones are encouraged to mentor the younger ones and can only receive aid if they have, in a sense, proved themselves worthy by a lifestyle of service, submission, and obedience. Concerning corporate worship, women regardless of marital state are encouraged to be modest, submissive, quiet…and fertile? I never have discovered how to interpret 1 Tim 2:15.
I know I haven't been as active, but that's because I've been redesigning the blog for a change of focus! The blog will now exclusively feature Game and Movie reviews/recommendations. I'll try to make it interesting for you guys, and should have a change in pace when it comes to the sheer number of daily posts! Expect constant activity!
Mr. Voss began his career as a tiny shop. Selling light bulbs to whoever came in with a Bible and a prayer in their heart.
1. I may not be able to own one, but I would ride one day on that Super Masculine, yet finest Harley-Davidson.
The reggae icon is the subject of a new documentary, "Marley," from Oscar-winning director Kevin Macdonald ("The Last King of Scotland"). The film, which features interviews with Marley's surviving family members and reggae contemporaries like Bunny Wailer and Junior Marvin, premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival (reviews here and here) and the SXSW Film Festival. It will be released theatrically and through video on demand on April 20, a date whose coded significance will resonate with those who understand its significance.
As per usual, Brandon Sanderson creates a scientific system of magic that takes its form through natural processes. I’m not going to get into how the magic works because that would be a major spoiler; suffice to say that certain rules must be obeyed or it won’t work. Magic is treated like something that isn’t so much supernatural as a part of the world that isn’t fully understood.
Have you swum with a friendly dolphin
God? Who s/he? Anyway, obviously ‘write’. Then I could read what I’d written, thus sneakily defeating your conundrum.
Pushing aside the fact that the size of one's tits certainly do not maketh the woman, it is very hard not to become enraged at the horrible treatment this woman was subjected to - and hard not to admire her gall. For any non-American, such as myself, who has little knowledge of American history, Angelou's book is terribly educative.
Nancy's thoughts on lace:
This citrus-injected kitchen was featured on HGTV's Bang for you Buck, which showcases clever (and some not-so-clever) homeowners who renovate their space for a specific dollar amount. If I remember correctly, the homeowners who created this mod kitchen were criticized for the "too design-specific" hits of orange they used. I think its brilliant though--the high-gloss orange adds just the right amount of punch, and speaks to the mid-century flavor of the rest of the home. Well done!
How did this happen and why is it getting so much worse?
3.) We still don't have the dresses or hair appointments or make-up appointments listed...or shoes...It breaksdown that there is very little organization besides what my Aunt is doing for my cousin & his fiancee.
The minister appears to have tied herself up in a big political knot on the quesion of arms sales to Libya.
165 - Tyler Sands (Martial Arts Planet, 1-0) submits Nabil Kader (Laval Fight Club, 0-2) via arm-bar at 1:36 of Round 2.
As part of the agreement to these RLF funds, the City will require their environmental consultant to solicit local MBE/WBE/DBE subcontractors and provide an opportunity to qualified Chicago Southland companies to bid on and participate in all contracts to conduct necessary subcontractor services.
Challenge 8: April 8
3. What is your favorite song of all time?
and I am putting the finishing touches on
My current wondering came up with regard to the CUC’s Active Democracy Study Group Task Force Members.
Inks: Stampin' Up! - Soft Suede, Old Olive, Always Artichoke
Okay, no seriously. I was inspired.
a. Parent
1 type
Eastern White Pine (Pinus strobus), Buds. These are often called candles in the nursery trade. New Norway maple (Acer platanoides) leaves. More new maple leaves. I think the contrast between the leaves of the red maple (Acer rubrum ) shown here and those of the Norway maple in the previous photo is amazing.
"I'm Graca, a Canadian prairie gal who lives far from any respectable fashion districts but who loves to sew. I've been sewing off and on for many years. In a perfect world, sewing is a way for me to relax. It is something I love to do when I have some spare time on my hands. Any day sewing is a happy day. Yes, even if I have to put down the sewing needle and pick up a seam ripper. I love the creative process of starting a project from shopping for the fabric to hand stitching the final details. Ooooh, and sincere compliments. Luv those!"So pop on over to Graca's blog and enter this lovely giveaway!
Once again with Rell, from http://rellkeepingitreal.wordpress.com/ I am blogging this week on life, nutrition, fitness and my pregnancy! All honest. No perfection. Just Keeping it real.
She was colored with Copics....her skirt and shoes got a coat of star dust stickles. The outside of the picture frame was coated with Diamond Glaze for some shine!
Things do continue to go well. Kalia is a dream come true. She has adjusted so well to our family it is truly amazing.
The Ribbon on top of the box are strips of Purple Cardstock stamped with Dots and I curled.
Happy Mother's Day (inside): Mother's Day Solutions cartridge cut at 2 3/4"
1. The use of Google Earth to take us on her journey was such a wonderful presentation tool. It seemed to give her a nice time-line and thus Roz never seemed flustered or even confused by just telling her story. The smoothness and at-ease feeling she portrayed during the evening was quite amazing. She was soothing and yet made you so empowered by her heroic life’s tales.
Your voice, even from such distance, holds me captive. It makes me tremble with bitter-sweet longings. Like a fawn feather it gently churns the milk of my heart and creates deeper play than the words can create. Behind my ear the temperature rises. The warm flush slowly spreads through me. A musky tickle along the spine. It’s the fuel that feeds me, nourishes me, gives me life. It’s not just a sound, it has a soul, a body, unadorned, deep, rich, sensuasly splendid. Sultry, like a summer breeze. From across the miles it reaches out, touches me, sweeps me off my feet, lifts me to the heights unknown as I lose myself to it and surrender to those brief periods of orgasmic bliss.
Tuesday I lifted the beetroot and carrots. It amounted to about 50 pounds of beetroot and about 70 pounds of carrots. Both taste great and I am a true lover of beetroot - but this may prove a little too much this year! We have also been eating carrots in most every known way but, as yet, we are maintaining a healthy skin pigment!
I’m a huge fan of Lee Marvin– as well as Jim Jarmusch, Tom Waits and Nick Cave. If I had the looks, this would definitely be the club for me. From the website–
The solution is to go back to the basics and hone the skills you thought you had down pat, then try again. It is totally amazing how easy the advanced stuff becomes after doing that.
Me: No it is not, you’re supposed to use your imagination and play with the hot dog truck.
the biggest penis she had ever laid her hands on. I said “You’re pulling my leg.”
Now, onto the biscuits!
Each concert is $29. (Students $15)
Manhattan faces and eyes forever for me.
and the pok choy...um yum...never thought I'd say that about a relative of spinach...
I heart my lean mean grilling machine! This thing is a huge time saver. I know I have the oldest model there is. I am sure there are new better options out there but I will stick with good ole George until he no longer works. I love that it cooks from both sides so it cooks in half the time of a stove top grill.
One year ago today, a seed was planted.
Helicopter size: 22 * 5 * 8.2cm
Let’s jump ahead a little to the Book of Acts. Just to set the stage, Christ had already been crucified, risen from the dead, and was wrapping up forty days of ministering about things pertaining to the kingdom of God. Jesus shares some important final words with the Apostles, “Now when He had spoken these things, while they watched, He was taken up, and a cloud received Him out of their sight” (Acts 1:9). Again, a cloud was used as an apparent door through which Christ entered as He ascended to Heaven to join the Father.
candlelight echoes
brand of detergent, etc. etc.
Well, no one told me about her—how many people cried
"We have a good fundraising plan in place and I am confident that we can fund all current and planned litigation," commented Eric Reschke, the group's executive director. "We've been here for five years, and I expect the next five... if necessary."
Hop in his walks, and gambol in his eyes,
Most likely not the case. Everyone gets lonely, everyone spends time alone. Most people a lot more than you do probably.
Book on Chest
But I do know one thing about you that is absolutely certain.
You can obtain English machine-translations for Japanese patent and utility model documents from 1993 onwards on the Japan Patent Office's free-of-charge "IPDL" (Industrial Property Digital Library) internet service at http://www.ipdl.inpit.go.jp/homepg_e.ipdl.
The countdown to the debut of Chevrolet’s next NASCAR Sprint Cup Series racecar is underway. Chevrolet announced today that for the 2013 season, Team Chevy will be racing a vehicle based on a new nameplate to the brand’s lineup.
Mental compartments give us a sense of order for our overwhelming lives. Our minds daily race through these various categories, either checking our boxes off our lists (or not), gladly tucking devotional and Bible thoughts into that “Jesus” category. Feeling weak and inadequate with what we haven’t gotten done, we wrestle with who we are in the disorderliness. Struggling with hope and feeling condemned by what is lacking, Jesus seems distant, unavailable, and cold. We briefly acknowledge him and get back to work, sure that God will understand our mess.
I reminded myself that while I may have hung up the gloves, I'm still very much in the Fight Game -- just in a different capacity. I'm cleaning it. I'm famous now in a different way. Some newspapers call me a crusader.
*Beneful Dog Treats samples<U+FEFF>
arcing electrical shocks
Last week’s post gave a few examples of the first class of doubletalk. I could cite any number of examples of the second, but one that’s particularly relevant to the theme of this series of posts is that shibboleth of contemporary economics, free trade. That term’s become so thickly encrusted with handwaving and deliberate disinformation that it probably needs to be defined here; “a system of international exchange that prohibits governments from taxing or prohibiting the movement of goods, services, or money across borders” is as good a definition as any.
The Former White Hat Consciousness from the Fifth Desnity recommends listening to the 16-tape Contact Notes on Meier and the Plejarans, which are up on Youtube in 8 three-hour sections. Information within touches base on some things the FWH has been discussing…keep in mind, however, that after 1984, the Plejarans stopped their contact with Meier and the FIGU had been infiltrated by the CIA and MI6, and that Meier was compromised by the Bafath Gizeh people, causing him to go insane.
I know that it is winter, and I know that we can get pretty much everything under the sun in weather, but please just send snow. I can drive in snow.
The next in a long line of phenomenal compact DSLRs, the EOS Rebel T3i continues the Rebel tradition of easy operation, compact design and no-compromise performance. Featuring Canon’s newest DIGIC 4 Image Processor and an 18.0 Megapixel CMOS Image Sensor – plus cutting-edge technologies like Full HD video… Read More >>
The celebrated author and National Book Award winner receives Oregon State University’s inaugural Stone Award for Lifetime Literary Achievement in May. The award will be presented to Oates at this event and includes an onstage interview with Oates. Reception and book-signing follow. In the Fields Ballroom.
Victim: Please don't bite me. Biting is not okay. It hurts.
President Obama showing the way.
Paper: DCWV Grade School Stack and Life's Little Occasions
Games I've played, but not finished
Well gather round your chairs children and stare at me fascinatedly with your moon-faces.
Last few weeks, me and my Navy friends climbed up the hills. And I swear the road is super steep…45 degree and 90 degree. You can’t imagine how much degree we have to bent our body in order to survive. Monkeys are everywhere. Dogs running after their owner and pee everywhere. I cannot go la.
Stockings
Each Friday on the Timeless Daydreams forum we've been posting a weekly challenge. We decided to start posting them on the blog as well. If you participate, please consider signing up on the forum and uploading your work in the gallery. We leave lots of love in there. :)
200 g eggs (about 4)
Everyone was doing yard work ,#2 son was mowing and weed eating, #1 son and g-son came by to pull up some ivy we have growing everywhere up here to get started on a bank at his house. Hubbie offered to cook a pot of spaghetti for everyone's supper so we all had a nice visit after all the hard work. #2 son got a haircut while he was here and searched the computer for new house for sale listings.
Thanks so much to all who entered! We had 74 entries! And again, thanks to my talented & hard working DT for their gorgeous Christmas projects :)
And send it back in time to myself at 17
3. Shutter
We're going! At first Mister told me we wouldn't be able to because tickets were no longer available. He told me he would make it up to me though. Well a little bit ago, he sent me a text telling me to get my dress ready. I was very confused at what he was talking about. Apparently, one of the guys s/o can't go, so he gave the ticket to Mister so I could come! Yay me!!
there is a Post-Experience Let Down;
They’re going to be everywhere in 2012. American Vogue devotes six pages in the January issue to them, with the injunction “Dare to Flare”. But thanks to the Jil Sander collection of peplums that looked as though they’d been inflated with a pump, they were already the sleeper hit of 2011, although not all looked as modern as the Sander one.
None of this was inevitable, Karl Marx pointed out over 150 years ago the inherent contradictions of capitalism, the constant and unavoidable cycle of boom and bust. It was not just the capitalist markets which caused this either. The deregulation of the banking sector around the world by governments, in the case of Britain by the Thatcher government, and maintained by New Labour over their 13 years in office made it possible for the 'elastic' to be stretched further to create an ever growing credit bubble. As with an elastic band the more it is stretched the harder it will snap and this has all been made worse by the de-industrialisation of Britain, the loss of manufacturing jobs and the replacement by service sector jobs has meant the British economy is extremely dependant on the finance sector which has plunged us further into crisis.
This is DeNetra and this week we will be making a Thin Gift Bag. This project will be perfect for gift cards for any holiday.
1) With the warm dry winter, French broom is already in full bloom along Route 13 in the East Bay area - but completely absent from Redwood Preserve, as far as I can tell, due to a concerted effort by volunteers over the past few years. Good job! A few years it looked like it had completely taken over.
Jonathan Slater, Plattsburgh State University of New York. Two Solitudes in the Global Village
If you didn't notice, Mike's surname is mispelled.
Let me show you how cool this stuff is. Here is her shirt...
I’ve been covering Brinker International Forum since last year’s epic “An Evening with Al Pacino” and there has been a theme or a format that all the shows shared. Basically you have an introduction of the star and then a moderator carries us through the evening. Last night’s latest forum was a bit different. ATTPAC’s President Mark Weinstein gave a brief introduction and then turned things over straight to the talent, Roz Savage. Pacino had a moderator, Jerry Seinfeld had a moderator, and David Blaine had a moderator but Roz didn’t. That element first confused me, but then stuck with me since she was just so captivating. The audience didn’t need to have a buffer to the talent, rather this intimate “chat” with Roz really made the experience that more meaningful.
Then Thug One and Thug Two
And Katarina Ivanov had been doing just that for more than a year since. Two parts Mother Earth and one part All- Business. Audrey had no idea what she would ever have done
The point being, I suppose, that whatever rambling, trite, shaky mess I might manage to toss out from the pulpit is not nearly my own. Isaiah tells us that the spoken word “does not return empty;” luckily, for me, it does not leave empty, either, for it is delivered from the shoulders of those before me who, thanks be to God, have been bold enough to speak a bit of light into the darkness, both to me, and to all the world.
As I had already told Amelia and Becca what was going on, they were pretending to be uninterested in mine and Dane’s conversation.
Add the tofu, chocolate mixture, and agave nectar to a food processor. Blend until smooth, about 1 minute. Pour the mixture into the pie crust and refrigerate for 1.5 hours or until set.
But just as he is about to turn in his uniform for the last time the order comes to scramble. A strange UFO has been sighted on a direct course for Tokyo. The government suspects this may be a missile launched from an unfriendly military power in the area. Maki’s orders are to identify the object or destroy it.
Cutest Gold Shoes In The World: Kate Spade
We have to go back on Tuesday the 8th for an IVF class and hand over all the money we have been saving and again on Wednesday for another sonogram. Sometime between now and then we will also be getting our calendar protocol. It’s actually happening. We are about to do this!! Finally!
Here's the kicker.
crowd and towards me. He was about to prepare himself for
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
We've gone to several different places. I think we go to Malta most often (and it has nothing to do with the fact that you can stop in DeKalb for beer nuggets on the way home.)
Some living, some standing alone
Option 2: Stay put and pick the best player available.
A friend commented she would get cheaper brands (and not biscuits), to get better value, but I suspect she didnt grow up with jumbo boxes of Weetbix (blah!) and bags of farmbake biscuits.
Because, for Israel it's life and death-for you newsies- it's entertainment, and for you anti-Semite politicians- including 0bama- it's all local politics, and the people of the Arabian peninsula are just numbers that we can distort like a stretchy from the `80's to fit anything our lapdog MSM wants to make work.
Wash potatoes and poke holes all over with a fork. Bake potatoes at 350 degrees for 45-50 minutes until cooked completely through. Let cool.When potatoes are cooled, dice and put to the side(I leave the skin on).
Chapters were introduced to the Bible in 1238 by Cardinal Hugo de S. Caro. Verse divisions were not added until 1551 by Robertus Stephanus.
1 turnip (roughly chopped)
As he stumbled out from the bedroom this morning towards the coffee-maker, I was packing up the kiddos for a day-long outing. I told him, "see you at six, and we'll bring dinner with us," and headed off, leaving him to a day of reading the newspaper, playing piano, reading a book about Clapton, and generally lounging about in his pj's.
Dunedin City Council-owned infrastructure specialist Delta Utility Services has expanded its rugby sponsorship, taking on the Highlanders rugby team for 2012. The company will be “executive partner” of the Highlanders, with the sponsorship including the Delta logo on the back of the team playing shorts, where it has been from the start of the season.
I was truly astounded by the reaction to my book release yesterday. At one point it was the #2 best-selling ad ebook at Amazon and #3 among all ad books, including paper. Thanks to everyone who bought it, tweeted about it, blogged it, or just talked about it. A lot of the success of the release of the book was due to social media. Does this mean I've changed my mind about social media? Tune in later this week for "My Social Media Overnight Success."
Third of all: Update
If I win or lose a round.
The Camera Club of New York (CCNY) is pleased to announce an open call for applications for its Annual National Photography Competition. Photographers and photo–based artists working in any genre are eligible to apply. Applicants are encouraged to submit a cohesive body of work.
Today the D-lite team is featured on the Momenta page!!! For my project today I used the "Family Outings" paper stack and my I have to say this paper is a dream. Not only is the patterns super cute that are in the stack but they have a texture and quality that is super yummy! It cut great on my cricut.
Image Ownership
Spoon the cheese mixture into piping bag or large sealable bag with one corner cut off. Squeeze into each hollowed out jalapeno until its full. Wrap each pepper with a piece of bacon and secure it with a toothpick or you can put several on a skewer. Stand the peppers up in a baking dish. If your dish is too large to keep all the peppers upright then crumple up some foil to line the sides. You want the cheese end on top (up). Bake for 30 minutes or until the bacon looks done and the peppers seem tender.
Step 2 - Share 7 random things about yourself
stalls, get into the
I have a constant craving for Mumbai street food and some of these dishes have become my party staples! One such recipe that I find myself repeating very often whenever I have guests or my family wants to eat something different is Pav Bhaji. I never fail to get rave reviews and never have seconds left! Recently, when a friend of mine e-mailed me for my Pav Bhaji recipe - I realised I don't have one posted on my blog. So this one is for her...
there were eggs on top of me.
I also advise to not compare this city to Europe or their home country. You cannot compare a dime to a penny!
When potatoes come out of the oven, slice and add a pat of butter to each one. Check the veggies. When they are roasted to your satisfaction, spoon them into the potato. Top with feta or goat cheese. DELICIOUS.
“One pitcher, sit in the back and leave when you’re done.”
Sunday 6 May 2012
Find Justin Boots and other great deals on Cowboy boots and Cowgirl boots that can take your Western outfits to a whole new level.
“For a better fit, adjust the leg snaps first.”
What is mysticism? How is it different to spirituality? And why is mysticism important at this moment in time?
Now, do I even dare to watch Star Trek V: The Final Frontier?
They lose the color when they shed
I graduated from nursing school in December. I found a subleased at the perfect time (a few days before graduation) and I was moved out to my parents house within 3 days. I had everything in place in terms of my license paperwork and was just waiting on everyone else (school, board, etc) to receive my letter to test. I fell into quite a routine for the next two and a half months. I would sleep in until about 10 something. Wait until I could no longer hold out for food, about 10:30 or 11. Eat my new found delicious, vegan, healthy, protein packed breakfast of whole grain oats, protein powder and strawberries. Washed down by an enormous glass of water. Wait a few hours while relaxing and watching tv (I hadn’t slept in what felt like decades throughout nursing school). I’d eat an extremely light lunch of a banana with peanut butter and maybe some veggies and 2 tbsp of hummus. I’d apply for a few jobs then start in on studying for the NCLEX for a few hours. I’d eat a fairly light dinner with my parents of a greek salad, a medditeranean style dinner of lentil soup and hummus/tabouli and pita.. or something like that. I always was able to eat somewhere between 1300-1600 calories of food a day, 10-12 glasses of water, barely any crap including diet coke. I went from 154 lbs to 146 lbs. My body thinned out an incredible amount for that seemingly small amount of 8 lbs. No bloat, less cellulite and visual fat, etc. I would often start my day with doing an entire round of every song on just dance 2 or 3 for 45 minutes. My dinner would never be eaten later than 6'ish, and I would not eat anything after that, maybe a 20 calorie cup of hot cocoa. I would cook delicious meals when we wouldn’t eat out such as risotto, chicken noodle soup, black bean chili, etc.
The logic of this argument seems to be that "personal" films correspond to biographical information.... This is why you see people refracting Polanski's entire career through his time hiding in the Warsaw ghetto and his exile to Europe, and why Soderbergh haters always claim he's making "cold," "technical" experiments. He didn't give them any meaningful biographical information! The jerk!
If we have ever had the opportunity to say. “Money does not grow on trees”. We know that we have had good reason to think the thought or say the saying. Afterall, we have all probably heard that statement at least once in our life-time right? Consider running with that thought in a creative direction. Make a custom gift that you can place meaning behind and invite others to contribute, saving even more.
Queen Kunti is extremely intimate with K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a and her appreciation is for the romantic side of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a. This is clear from the messages she sends to K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a just slightly below the surface of all her words:
“Because you’re a woman!” she explained.
On the same day, I surfed over to B&N’s Web site and saw where they had announced a new reader. The Simple Touch with Glow Light and it retails for $139. Glow Light will enable a reader to read in bright sunlight. No other tablet—not even iPad or Kindlefire—has this feature and I suspect B&N probably owns it. You can learn all about it at B&N’s Web site.
Business Model Generation gives the example of Maerki Baumann spinning off their transaction banking into Incore Bank (which they then sold as a service to other banks), and focusing solely on customer management and advisory. Amongst the benefits are a very clear change in customers (transaction banks serve other banks, not bank account holders), and a definite change in the culture of the organisation left behind (transaction banks drive for consistency, repeatability and automation whilst the customer facing bank focuses on customer handling and retention).
The book itself is quite long at over 450 pages, so probably not one for younger readers who want a quick and easy read. But if you’re a confident reader looking for a more challenging story with beautiful language, and enjoy the kind of book that transports you to another world, you should love it – the Muse certainly approves!
*Cardstock: PTI White; Bazzill Bling; Stampin' Up! silver
He said this was necessary despite success stories like Petronas, AirAsia, Maxis, Celcom, DiGi and others. “Roy Disney once remarked that creativity is a funny thing — difficult to quantify, but obvious when it’s missing.
3. Make a budget based on your grocery needs. Also, set a limit to meals out and how much you can spend on them.
able to take on the roles of other people and in this way share in the social
Pork belly is a surprisingly cheap cut of meat and don't worry about the fat.. It all cooks off after about 3 hours in the oven, so you are left with a very tender and lean piece of meat. Tom used this recipe (Oh Jamie, where would we be without you?)
The jury is still out on which was harder, running in 12 degrees, or running 10 miles. I will say this, my legs have gone back to normal, but my nose, a full 24 hours later, is still red. Apparently I have wind burn, but I look sunburned. It's confusing. Whatever. Point? I'm a badass.
One thing I’m sure of. We’re leaving Comcast only because Comcast first left us.
Beccy's Place Digital Image
The storms also were destructive in the Griffin/Barnesville area. One couple who attended the Griffin First Church of the Nazarene was killed and their family members were injured and hospitalized with some undergoing surgery Thursday morning. In Alabama, the 90,000-strong city of Tuscaloosa was hit hardest, with at least 37 people killed, including some students, authorities said.
Pros: A sail boat provides you with a bed, stove, table, chairs, etc. You have the comfort of a campervan with the fuel use of a pushbike.
Could someone who is ACTUALLY a published author at the moment explain to me how they keep themselves in check and consistent with one novel at a time?!
Be sure to stay tuned... I have a feeling that over the next year, we are going to have some wild and crazy city stories to tell!
(Isn’t it just absolutely amazing how a few tribes with thriving casinos can suddenly be invited to develop cozy relationships with their neighboring communities - bobbie.)
This is my emerald green striped Banana Republic sweater. It's a cashmere blend - got it for $11 out thrifting in April 2011 (only worn once, here, scroll down).
“to have a voice and to use it”
By way of a further explanation, the term cooking lager derives from the term cooking sherry. Sherry is a delightful drink of wine and brandy from the Jerez region of Spain that was once popular and arguably deserves to be again. It suffers from an image problem. It’s an old ladies drink, and what keeps many old ladies going is cooking sherry. Cheap sherry from Cyprus or even Blighty, nominally bought for cooking, but often necked. Thus “cooking” mean cheap, and occasionally nasty.
Thanks so much for stopping by. I'm sorry I haven't been around to visit anyone in the past few weeks. Don't give up on me. I'll be back with more regularity after Christmas.
Planners
My May spots are already filling up, so if you've been thinking about securing an ad for next month, be sure to contact me asap! I'd love to have you be a part of Sometimes Sweet as we get into the glorious summer months and celebrate some really fun things, too.
I began by stamping the flowers (SU Paisley Petals, a gift from my lovely friend Mandi) using Versamark and then embossing with WOW Silver Pearl EP.
MPAA Rating: PG-13, some violent images and brief strong language
And let's not forget, all the AMAZING recipes, some truly wonderful dishes and desserts in there that have made this book on my top ten favorite's list!
Surprisingly a fair few of those messages sent by bottle post did make it to dry land, there are a good many articles in the newspapers mentioning the discovery of them.
Daywear: I love these Landgirl shoes in Navy. I think they look so comfy and can imagine they look really cute with skirt and blouse combos
Innocent: Judge Susan Hawk apologized to James Curtis Williams and Raymond Jackson and declared them formally innocent of aggravated sexual assault
1 x 1 Set Pyjamas ~ (As Shown As The Picture) CV 58-1770 = RM19.90
Netherlands
:: Indiana :: My dear friend, Hannah and Ki young, from high school recently moved from California to Indianapolis area. Oli and I went to visit them for a week where we went camping and fishing. It was definately nice to enjoy the slower pace of life.
I adore Seanan McGuire and the world of Faerie she’s built up around October “Toby” Daye, her changeling (half-human, half-fae) heroine. She’s put Toby through the wringer in each of the three previous novels and, after the events of A Local Habitation, I wasn’t sure things could be more stressful for Toby but I was wrong. So gloriously wrong. She has once again created a layered adventure for Toby to navigate, all the while answering questions that I, at least, have been wondering, like what happened to Rayseline and Luna when they were kidnapped, what will be the repercussions for killing Blind Michael, or what’s the Caite Sidhe court really like. There are other questions answered in the novel but to mention them here would be to spoil, which I try not to do, though I may have just spoiled the end of A Local Habitation for you just then. (If that’s the case, I apologise, but then have to ask: Why are you reading a post about a book that comes after one you haven’t finished??)
Our home was filled with people today on a rolling basis, some in, some out all day long. It's lovely having so much life, laughter and happiness surrounding us. Life is short and precious, we have to make the most of every living moment, see the positive in all that is set before us.
A Flintstones Christmas Carol ... Boomerang ... 8 AM
At my table I sipped on my sweet tea and chowed down on the sweetmeats provided. When the young waiter came to clear my table away I cautiously enquired as to where the wagon or carriage offices were, as I wanted to buy tickets to travel. He shrugged and said he would ask the owner and disappeared. It was several minutes before I realised that the old man sitting at the next table (while his family walked around the park, he later told me) was trying to catch my eye. I smiled at him politely. He took this as an invitation to ask me where I was going to. As I thought he might be able to help me I told him: Ankh-Morpork.
A simple friendship, it would be forever
The main character, Lenny, is not your typical teenager. She takes good care of herself, studies hard and even has a mild case of OCD when it comes to cleanliness. Because of this, her best friend, Anna, believes her when says that there's a monster stalking her. The two then set out to find out who, or what, has been stalking Lenny and to try and stop it. The dynamic between Lenny and Anna was jealousy inducing. They have a tight bond and their constant banter and bickering was so much fun to read. Anna, who is smart, witty and obsessed with a certain oblivious football player was possibly my favorite character. Even in the face of death, this girl was still going to look her best and be her flirtiest just in case her crush happens to notice.
Saturday, April 21 2012
Quite clear, no doubt, somehow
Corn flour mixed with a little water
To lower joys shall fall;
When the music finally stopped and we are able to grab a few hours of sleep, we awoke on Saturday and tackled our first decision of the day…what to have for breakfast. Now, if this was some foodie-and-travel blog, I would tell you what we had, how to prepare it, and even post some FAB photos of it complete with creative lighting and maybe even a well-placed fork.
19. White Heat (1949)
Fact; I like a dude named Paul; <U+2665>
April walks into the room where Reed was shot and, not paying attention, trips over her body and lands in a giant pool of her blood. April freaks out of course (April and Reed are BFFs) and runs to Derek's office and tells him that Reed has been shot. Derek puts the hospital in lockdown mode and pages all the doctors to not move and to seal their wing of the hospital while he goes and looks for the shooter.
I know! Such a weird coincidence.
Look back at the list of great sequels (in my opinion) from earlier—Lethal Weapon, Shanghai Knights, The Mummy Returns, Karate Kid Part II, The Last Crusade —in each circumstance, the central enjoyment of the film is not, primarily, action (although each film has action aplenty), rather it is the characters within the film. The Lethal Weapon movies are character showcases, and one watches those films not because of their plot or story, but because one enjoys watching Riggs, Murtaugh and their (increasing!) gang get into and out of trouble together. Shanghai Knights builds on the great chemistry between Jackie Chan and Owen Wilson to create an extension of their story together. The Mummy Returns focuses on the marriage and relationship between Brendan Fraser and Rachel Weisz, and we enjoy the movie (I believe) because of this relational foundation, and not the return of the Mummy. The Karate Kid II builds superbly on the characters of the original, because what people want in a Karate Kid sequel is not more karate, but more of Miyagi’s aphoristic wisdom instructing Daniel-san in how to be mature. Finally, The Last Crusade’s success and appeal stem from the on-screen relationship between Indiana and his father. Their relationship drives the story, renders it compelling, and gives it texture. In each circumstance, the heart of the original film is rarified, developed, and expanded in the sequels. Ultimately, you care about the characters.
Place them in a baking dish, and repeat with the remaining shanks. Add additional oil and butter if needed.
Heart Alone US
What happens in VEGAS stays in VEGAS! I just think this mini is just "CHERRY". This mini purse is of course also fashioned after the "pita purse". It's exterior paper is that wonderful and expensive paper by Paper Studio. Thank goodness Hobby Lobby frequently puts it on sale! The zebra print is actually flocked, so feels like real fur. Look at that fabulous closure, it is a roulette wheel. Couldn't get more perfect than that! Charms are a set of cherries (that I enameled red, they were completely silver) and a lucky number 7!! I did not have a black purse handle, so I used Stayz On ink to change from reddish brown handle to black. It is not a solid black, but you kind of can still see wood grain through the black That was fine with me. I am very pleased with the result.
Gisborne District Council acting chief executive Nedine Thatcher-Swann said at that time –
The Sunday before New Beginnings I had all the classes set Goals for the Year. I had them displayed at New Beginnings and talked a little about them. We have this hanging in our YW room every Sunday to remind them to work on their goals!
Midwestern State University had their big end of the year student art show opening Friday night. Of course, we were there. I would say it was a safe guess that Jesse had more art in the show than any other individual student. Students submitted their art for different categories - some were accepted and some rejected. Jesse had several of her mugs in the show. She had one photograph, one drawing, one sculpture, and several group projects. Monetary awards were given out during the evening.
4. into the mixer, beat in one egg at a time, beating well after each egg. Don't forget to scrap down the sides between egg addition.
Nothin' seems to fit
Then I ride and we are making great progress in some areas and encountering blocks in other areas. The trot work, which needed the most improvement, is going well. He's becoming more forward and supple. We do a circle at each end and when we've warmed up with that for a bit we do three loop serpentines. The serpentines really help with getting the 'flow' of switching bend and keeping rhythm through turns. I'm pleased with our progress here. Rogo is really improving use of his hindquarters and at times booms down the long sides. I look forward to the day when this power is there most of the time and carries through the corners rhythmically.
Now, this is how I have always done this, and when I am making my full sized quilt I am sure I will still do it this way. You see I like the fact that EPP means you are SLOW quilting. There's no hurry Mr Rabbit, take your time and enjoy a bit of slow sewing. Yes it takes a long time to tack all these pieces, sew them together, and then take the papers out, but it is also very soothing and calming and that is part of it's charm.
If you look to your left you will see the kitchen area, as well as the living room and the small hallway to the master bedroom. From the kitchen you can get to the laundry area and out the back door to a nice big deck. You can also go into the master bathroom from the laundry area as well as from the bedroom.
The part I kept coming back to was this, however:
a safety hazard.
looking at the sky.
He sees the world through vintage shoe button eyes and enjoys the sweet scent of flowers with his little embroidered nose.
(Max Raabe - Song of Mandalay)
Until her mom came after her with a gun…
Cause he did not want
He was terrorised like this for three hours. At 4am they gave him his keys and he left. He believed that they might have stolen some of his cheques from the bakkie – he will get verification from the bank. He has submitted a formal charge. “People must know. I cannot remain silent. I was victimised and illegally detained.â€ Warrant officer Malebo Khosana, confirmed that Van der Merwe lodged a complaint which wil be investigated. The investigation will be conducted by the Hennenman police station.
Some seven months after Empire State Development CEO Kenneth Adams met with select community representatives regarding Atlantic Yards, Adams will reprise such a meeting at 6 pm on Wednesday, May 2 at Brooklyn Borough Hall.
you were ready to go. . .
forceload: drv/sd
Thus you in Chouder always must begin.
“YES!” he says laying on the sarcasm so I hit him with a If/then.
The reality is quite different. Local authorities are substantively subservient to the national government, their work is largely dictated by statutory duties and government guidelines and priorities. They are required to provided defined services, at defined levels, following defined policies and procedures (such as 'Best Value'), and the only differences between local authorities deliver these are down to the effectiveness of individual managers and departments.
on the kitchen table, four line stanzas,
“Aye, full of surprises, that one,” grumbled the Pred.
19,417 times before, as 19,418 is the number on my Levo.
Perhaps I should get religion. Or go to the pub. Or enter a Buddhist monastery. The Japanese nobility of Heian times regarded that as a perfectly valid retirement option once one’s children were grown up and settled. What their wives thought isn’t recorded. Perhaps they were obliged to become Buddhist nuns. Supermum wouldn’t be having any of that.
David Fincher took on this adaption with mainly the same people he took on Mark Zuckerberg with a year ago but Dragon is a lot different than his previous effort. It may not be as dark as Seven nor as laid back as Zodiac but it hits a middle ground between those two films. Dragon may not be his best work but it is another solid film to add to his resume. From the very beginning you know you have walked into a Fincher film regardless of the association. Like most of his films there is a darkness that settles in as the credits roll and here they roll with one of the best opening credits scenes I have ever seen. Fincher works better tho when he doesn’t have guidelines so Dragon does show some fatigue as far as story goes. The film is a little too long and isn’t wrapped up neatly but Dragon is still a Fincher film. It feels like a one, it breathes like one, and it most certainly acts like one. Fincher may not have been the best director for this adaptation but he pulls off a dark and twisted world that is worthy of his own name.
Their clothes are well-priced, and well-made. They size generously, and my kids have had 2 years wear out of some items. I've never seen a seam unravel or a button fall off.
Dominic Ochoa
1954
Meanwhile, Western governments pump billions of dollars each year into aid programmes designed to increase the birth rate non-European countries. The same ministers who promote abortion at home celebrate reductions in child mortality in third world countries, is this not a double standard?
Centre 454’s funding application, obtained by the Sun, was sent to the city’s housing services branch on Sept. 8, 2011, the deadline for the federal Homelessness Partnership Strategy grant.
Life is fun.
“Is it really going to happen?”
Jacob the werewolf has a bit of sparkle. He’s a sort of back-up love interest for Bella, who seemingly can’t cope without a regular dose of male-monster attention. He’s far more appealing, but Bella falls into the classic trap of mistaking brooding introversion with depth of feeling and character. A fatal error. Edward is a 100 year old adolescent who will never get any more interesting. Imagine how she’ll feel about him after 100 years of marriage. Yes, they get married, I’ve looked it up.
This award comes with three rules. 1) Thank the person who gave it to you and link back to them in your post. 2) Share 7 things about yourself. 3) Pass this award on to 15 recently discovered blogs.
Really, Sly - come on: Rocky Balboa, John Rambo, Marion Cobretti and even Deke DaSilva were typical tough guy fodder. But with Over The Top, you've essayed a man whose only character development trait is turning his ball cap backwards on his head before stepping into the arm wrestling arena.
07. Allegro ma non troppo
I'm glad it worked out this way. I'm glad for him. I'm even more glad for me. I'm sure that he will appreciate a little continuity in his life. I know that I do.
I love the way it looks and it's much sturdier than I ever expected, mounted on an iron frame. Though you'd never know it from this terrible iPhone photo, the beads are a fun, vibrant color which I think will look great in the room. It was promptly added to the ever growing "staging area" pile of stuff that will eventually make it's way into the room once we paint and assemble the closet.
"But wait!" you say, "I thought getting foreclosed on was a bad thing!"
Now a hand filed application has been replaced with a collection of bytes composed of various word processed resumes and cover letters emailed to company websites that often decline to accept the person to person delivery system of old.That still exists but it is fading fast. I am nostalgic for that time where I was a true free spirit wandering the open road footloose and fancy free. I am inclined to run again.
I used lots of bits from my scrap mountain for this one....didn't even make a dent, lol........and started with some brown stripy paper on the card base........all the edges of the pieces are lightly inked with pink .....sweet......
The judge fined the company, D Hyndman and Son Ltd, Maghera, £1,000 plus costs for placing unsafe food on the market.
I seriously don’t know why I’m not CHARGING for this service, I mean did you SEE how fucking EASY that was? Let’s keep going!
As close as I can figure, 25 or 26 years. 16 years ago the club was looking for a community service project, and I suggested the Christmas Family.
Aug. 5, 2010
stardom), and actress Miranda Richardson (Oscar-nominated
The communication tools that connect you all now are all but free as well. The Skype offices have big screens that are ON all the time – so you can look up and call out to a colleague in another city as if she was in the next room – for free!
Ignis Corporis Infirmat, Ignis sed Animae Perstat for Virginia Woolf! Happy Robert Burns Day!
“No? What does it mean?”
If your insurance broker were to offer you the pick between the following two insurance policies which would you choose? (a) a policy which covered you for all risks, entails a premium of €1,000 and is payable now or (b) an identical policy but instead of paying now, you can pay after disaster strikes and it will still cost you €1,000. Wouldn’t you be crazy to plump for the first policy?
He said, “I cannot comprehend the neglect of a family library in such days as these.” (I totally agreed with this idea. I have on more than one occasion said that I could live in a library or a bookstore and never feel the want of anything more than food and water and the occasional ray of sunshine.)
post where you stated the following?
Twas the Night ... Disney XD ... 12 PM
Fareda: Pleeeease…You’re the expert in getting me out of trouble.
Special Kit 3 (Donkey Kong) Beat all 8 minigames
We got some worms, two old fishing poles that belonged to John's Dad, and an inexpensive "family" fishing set of two poles, one short and one long and both completely nonfunctional, and set out for adventure one evening. Ally had hardly thrown her baited hook into the water when she got the first strike, a bluegill about 6" long. The "family" fishing rods didn't work at all and we had trouble operating one of John's Dad's rods, but that didn't stop us from catching a whole bunch of bluegill. I think Ally caught three by herself! We threw all of them back because they looked too small and later learned that bluegill only get about 6-8" big.
(I'm told my last words to him made it into the 6:00 a.m. Channel Four News but I can't find a clip to prove it.)
A final point: police forces have often been asked – indeed, some have offered – to take drugs dogs into psychiatric facilities to help identify patients who possess illicit substances or to identify whether drugs have been brought in. Knowing a few dog handlers quite well, it’s fair to say that those who have done it have sometimes reported that the dog thought it was Christmas because every ‘find’ gets a reward (usually a toy, sometimes a snack). In some wards, no issues at all.
(Have had a bit too many hits lately from people entering Woven Hand in search engines. Especially The Threshing Floor. Finding Fall On Me.)
Key Information 13
NOTE: To use the DDL Provider you must restart the VERITAS Enterprise
Nothing cures a lazy Monday like an episode of Hoarders. Don’t say you have never seen it or even lingered a while enduring the shock and awe of it all. Like a train wreck exploding and stacked up like cord wood, the impossible reality of these poor peoples homes, causes me to ask the question….How did it get this bad and why in H- E- double Hockey sticks are they allowing anyone to film it?
In stark comparison to Boy Work: Pokémon and lolling on the sofa.
I also talk about the process of writing. Children enjoy discovering I was first published at age 13. For younger audiences, I juggle star-shaped beanbags to illustrate the importance of reading—once I explain I learned to juggle—by reading a book.
Last night Ephesians 3:20-21 came to mind for me. “Now to him who is able to do far more abundantly than all that we ask or think, according to the power at work within us, to him be glory in the church and in Christ Jesus throughout all generations, forever and ever. Amen.” These verses are often used as a benediction at the end of a worship service and Paul reminds us that God is sufficient for all our needs and that His power is above and beyond what we think. Too often, we have a feeble estimation of what God can and will do. In essence, we underestimate the power of God in our lives. At the end of 2009, we had many plans for the coming year, but 2010 has turned out be much better than we could have ever imagined. Of course, the Bible tells us just that in Proverbs 19:21; “Many are the plans in a man’s heart, but it is the Lord’s purpose that prevails.” In retrospect, I am so thankful that God is in control and not us. God determined to shower His grace upon our lives and new and amazing ways that we would have never dreamed possible. As I think back on my Christian walk, I see this same pattern over and over again where I planned something, but God’s plans were so much better.
Next stop was AM Solar in Springfield, Oregon ( http://www.amsolar.com/ 541-726-1091) where our good friend and all-around RV electrical wizard, Greg Holder, checked out our RV's non-performing inverter. He announced that it had an incurable boo-boo and installed a new, improved one (inverter, that is). Inverters are a (gulp!) big ticket item.
Trichophagia is made up of the two Greek words “tricha” meaning hair and “phagein” meaning ‘to eat’; making this form of Pica the compulsive eating of hair. This is not to be mixed up with people who sometimes suck on the ends of their hair but are known to chew the end of a singular hair until it detaches from their head and is then swallowed. Where Geophagy is often considered to be brought on by malnutrition, Trichophagia is believed to be a psychological consequence of stress and/or depression.
There are several humor stories that have been the best-selling books for a long time in the market. A plethora of new writers and the contemporary style of scripts have been gaining enough recognition which aims to offer fresh and subtle humor. In fact, these days the culmination of mystery & humor stories is being liked by immensely by the readers. Also, the write-ups that depict love and compassion are famous among readers. Books based on romance stories have beautiful moments which are extremely interesting and keeps the readers engrossed till the end. Fiction stories are undoubtedly one of the most suitable ways to spend time and acquire interesting thoughts for people all over the world.
next, after playing with it for a while i have to ask, what is it? as far as i can tell it’s facebook + twitter with no character limits. it’s weird to put both people I know and people i don’t into circles. almost stalkerish.
I'm falling even more in love with you
The villain: Edward Barrett Moulton Barrett, 50’s. Every story, particularly has to have a villain (think of Billy Zane in Titanic) or a third person in the love triangle. In this film, it is Elizabeth’s father who vowed to disinherit his children if they married. I leave it up to the screenwriter to fill-in the psychological reasons for wanting to keep his children single forever. The original film suggested that Barrett liked Elizabeth a little too much. I don’t know about that but the Victorians were a strange bunch. My top choices for this role would be Alan Rickman or Jeremy Irons.
I thought the characterization in this story was good too. Cargill manages to capture Tom’s childhood innocence, as well as his simplified emotions and desires to be naughty. The mother was also portrayed with more strength than is often seen in females in abusive relationships, which was really good to see.
A project as big as Atlantic Yards surely would have some share-the-wealth impacts in Brooklyn, but it's not a charitable endeavor.
But whatever the Axtli's touch had done to her, it hadn't crippled her. She met his eyes, face unreadable but far from impassive. Then Rel felt the pressure against his hands lift as she turned her gaze on the darkness. His fingers tingled, not unpleasantly, as the bubble-skin edge of her Warding dropped through them onto the Axtli. Voice low, she said, "I've got it. Move Dora."
One of my underlying theories about running a preschool is that if you have a lot of anything, you can use it in the classroom. In the aftermath of the balloon cage, we always have a lot of popped balloon parts left over.
Whilst they are allowed to send it to the Secretary of State, the inquiry inspector will not look at it now that the inquiry is over.
The test said that it was the fast paced actions of SpongeBob that caused the “brains” to stop functioning.
They have made a decision, they set an allowance for themselves and they never waver from that vibration.
Lori Petty (Free Willy)
I was a little disappointed after cheerfully shelling out admission for myself and four kids, that I then had to pay for separate tickets for almost every activity the kids wanted to do--I must have missed this somehow in their online advertising. I understand there was fundraising to be done, but I don't normally carry a lot of cash, even for bouncy houses and face painting.
No, this is not a paid advertisement but if Theodore Alexander wanted to send one or two of these my way I wouldn't argue!
The winning caption (by me, MJ) for Steve’s pic was a poem. Allow me to explain.
I’ll still snuggle with you at night
To be honest, the first job I ever aspired to as a child was to be a bin lady. Note: bin lady not bin woman - I have standards. That was because I was fascinated (and still am, if you want to know) by bin lorries, or dust carts if you're from the other side of the pond. I love how they mash up the litter.
"Siggi", a track from their new album "Babycum" (released December 2011)
BC on the other hand really is credible as the "high functioning sociopath" a combination of autistic savant and 21st century geek.
She checked the lateral file in the credenza one more time. She was certain that all of the files were in order. Copies of the audit work programs, for both of the audits she had been working on, were in the first folder. She had initialed all procedures she had completed prior to making the copies. The originals she had already mailed to herself, in-care-of her Uncle, per his instructions. She surveyed the room again. She had removed the last of her personal effects the night before. Nothing remained on the desk except for her time sheet, the telephone and the computer terminal.
Do you like flowery or powdery scents?
A major problem on many levels.
The nose is full of roasty, slightly burnt malt, with vague vapors of chocolate and coffee.
Spaghetti
I let it set for a few minutes balled up and then I gently unwrap and lay out.
My father had retired from politics as a Senator of the Federal Republic of Nigeria and had become Chad’s father’s political godfather. It was during the course of their blooming relationship that I had been introduced to Chad.
I don’t have much to say about this book unfortunately, other than it is a nice, simple, enjoyable read for cozy fans . . . and I flew through it on my iPad as I was sweating away on the elliptical! A great workout book!
Written and Directed Richard Curtis
Sunday: something simple or leftovers
The big-budget drama of TBS, “Nankyoku Tairiku“, also slightly recovered from last week’s nosedive, but can they really be satisfied with ‘only’ 15.0% (+1.6%)? Maybe they should give the actual protagonists, the huskies, more screen time than the actors, or give Ashida Mana more scenes…
While each of these people probably needs their own blog post, I decided to lump them together, since Oprah is Tolle’s poster child for his spirituality. There’s no way you’ve never heard of Oprah, but for those of you who don’t know who Eckhart Tolle is, he is a spiritual guru and author of the books The Power of Now and The New Earth. They were wild bestsellers, and I know several people who say that his books changed their lives. Fortunately for Tolle, his books struck a chord with Oprah – whose endorsements often rocket books up the bestseller lists.
In the New Testament, the word used for “spirit” is pneuma; however, Paul in First Corinthians 15:44 used the words: soma pneuma (“s<U+03C9>µa p<U+03BD>e<U+03C5>µat<U+03B9><U+03BA><U+03BF><U+03BD>”) which means “spiritual body”. This is the type of body that we, as believers in Jesus, will also be raised with. A week after Jesus had resurrected, Scripture says he was still around for at least one week before his ascension (John 20:26). The resurrected Jesus walked around, made himself known to many people, and he showed himself in a resurrected spiritual-physical body to over 500 people. He was definitely not in hiding. The bible is clear about the form of Jesus’ resurrected body. The onus is on doubters to disprove that Jesus resurrected in a physical-spiritual body.
It sounds like you'd like to make a payment. Is that correct?
Later there was a video on the web of them burning some copies of Fairport Convention's Liege and Lief, a reference to a band called The KLF who claim to have burnt a million quid in the early 90s.
How to make sense of all this? If the Arab forces that conquered so much territory beginning in the 630s were not energized by the teachings of a new prophet and the divine word he delivered, how did the Islamic character of their empire arise at all? If Muhammad did not exist, why was it ever considered necessary to invent him?
Saw something amazing driving in. An albino wild turkey. That's not something you see every day. Turkeys are everywhere this time of year.
So. Quit the blog. Tried to make real friends. Felt like I lost a few (due to my own reclusive nature and not keeping in contact via email and shit) Read a million books and tested out lots of crazy shit (some not so crazy, almost all super fun or incredibly interesting) Nearly blew up my brain and went to see a therapist (who helped me see why I had so much difficulty cultivating and keeping female relationships. HUGE huge work. Now I have a couple really real authentic friends and it feels really nice.) Thought maybe I would go back to college and get my masters degree in philosophy and signed up for some classes (Those just ended. The classes were not what I had hoped they would be BUT my professor was SO Great, this 70ish year old guy who had lived in New Orleans for about 40 years and was all into hypnotism and tarot cards and astrology and shit! We are friends now and meet up to discuss metaphysical matters and behavioral psychology. All I really wanted when I signed up for classes was to be able to shoot the shit with someone who had read and experienced WAY more than me so that worked out perfect.), then finally focused on strengthening my physical body and willpower through the fitness challenge, and now here I am. Beginning massage school.
Beef is beef? You decide.
No, you went to visit your GRANDMOTHER. Use ‘Big People’ words!’She then asked Mitchell what he had done
2 cup tomatoes (4 medium size, 450g), chopped
Born on May 22, 1982, Tom Scudamore was appointed stable jockey to David Pipe in the 2006/2007 season, marking a return to Pond House in Somerset where he began his career as an amateur for Pipe’s father Martin, and where his own father Peter Scudamore, was also stable jockey. Tom comes from an illustrious line of jockeys. His great-grandfather Geoffrey rode winners as an amateur, grandfather Michael was Oxo’s pilot when winning the 1959 Grand National and his father was eight-times champion jockey with 1,677 successes but never won the John Smith’s Grand National, achieving his best finishing position on third-placed Corbiere in 1985. Tom has made a big impression since leaving Cheltenham College after A-levels in 2000. He won the amateur riders’ title in the 2000/01 season and also landed the 2001 Flat amateurs’ championship. After 52 unpaid successes, he turned professional in October,
CharlesInCharge
Punctuate you
This is simple common sense. And not just because they quite obviously are deadly to some people, although that should put any further debate to rest. The fundamental reason they should be limited is because in a free society the police should not be allowed to inflict terrible pain on citizens for any reason they choose, no matter how petty or inconsequential. If police are to be allowed to carry tasers they must be strictly controlled. At the moment, this is far more common than not:
Yes we are in fact comparing our natural talents to all of those amazing people! You know why? Because we are all THAT amazing, if only we would let our little light shine! Those remarkable people devoted their lives to developing their natural talents, and as a result they excelled!
The poem is ironic and sorrowful; it is honest and tender. It is about a moment in the poet’s life but it is also about the life of the poet, the poet who works not only by artificial or even candlelight by the lights of the city itself, “taxi light” “seared light of Brooklyn,” a city “fat with night light” lights that distort reality yet illuminate the mystical quality of the city and the poet. The story the city “tells back” is the city as poem— her “wild fancy,” the city enveloping her imagination.
behind trees and lamp posts
Morning all! Another beautiful, bright and sunny day here - I hope you have the same :)
to run my machine.”
Two of the lads are married. Another is in a longterm relationship. Every so often, others join us and they’re usually very gay men.
If things aren't going well though, my best advice would be to narrow the question. Broader questions are usually more complex. I started conservation of mass with, "What happens to atoms in a chemical reaction?" (Actually, the question was about why ice melts when you heat it but paper burns) and kids were flying all over the place. They generated their own claim and designed their own experiments and it was a disaster. There was no real way to differentiate through experiment most of their claims (atoms are being fused together, atoms are exploding, atoms turn into heat). I rebooted with whether atoms are destroyed or not in a chemical reaction and it worked much better. We all did a similar experiment and students were able to make a well-reasoned argument that atoms weren't destroyed.
avant-garde psychadelic underground. Sit down firmly, put your
This could be an interesting read for middle schoolboys. My teacher friends say that's a gap to be filled. I think their fathers would like it as well.
I have been working on a picture book all week. Trying to get just the right words. Just the right feel.
I owe my soul to the company store * This is under some dispute. Coalminer George S. Davis claims that he wrote this as Nine or Ten Tons in the 1930s.
*A flank of Riot squad guards enters the room. They stand at attention in two lines, creating a pathway between them.*
With Photoshop, putting together an HDR image is as easy as:
One of the hard parts about being a fan of late-60s/early-70s cinema and music is that it can feel like there's a constant death parade of artists, directors, musicians and performers that I admire. If there can be said to be any up-side to the loss of so many talented individuals, it's that I've got an increased sense of urgency surrounding the Making Of Stuff. It's not as if all the gifted people on Earth are dead or no longer producing good work--there's a ton of interesting new material out there yet to be realized.
24. Wasn't That a Party? -- Scooter Lee
I just bought these, so I wanted to test them out. I checked out the instructions that came with them, did the little pinch, and I looked back at the chart and holy shit, 26% body fat! I didn’t realize how fat of a fuck I was. I checked a couple more times, but the number never changed. I then realized that I was reading the chart for women and all was well with the world once more. According to the men’s scale, I’m at 16%, so there’s definitely still work to be done.
When he'd recovered from the echoes, Rel took the rod and torches back to Rissad, his hands already coated in the vile stuff the Wildren had infused the wood with. More light didn't help much with making sense of the room, but at least they could see what was on the nearby shelves. Row on row of plastic bottles, all full of water, caught the light immediately in front of them. A wire mesh, wrapped tightly around the whole shelf, must have protected them through even the most violent upheavals of the Realmcrash.
Things get more complicated when Austin’s adoptive mom, Georgia, reenters the picture. She essentially abandoned Austin years before, and is now looking to repair their broken relationship. Mike and Josie join together in helping Austin deal with his conflicted feelings about Georgia.
Ryan plan which would destroy the
The epic, familiar opening, full of warmth, nostalgia, like an old mans hand as he sits you down to tell you a whimsical tale. But then! War Drums!? What’s this!? The ominous lingering over a battleship, the crimson red hues, the suspenseful pounding of a war drum, like a Marine’s heart before the jump . . . . Something is wrong here. Then, BAM! Open war!
I don't get personal on this blog often. Well, not much beyond geeky stuff anyways. Don't worry, I'm not going to get crazy. I just want to answer a question that I get asked a lot. As some of you may know, I have a dayjob. I'm lucky enough to have a great dayjob, one that I really enjoy. But in my free time, I'm pursuing writing. I'm inching closer and closer to being able to write full time, but it's still a few years off (at least). I'm not even sure I'm brave enough to go fully freelance. So given that I work 45+ hours in a week and write a few things, people often ask me how I do it or whether I ever sleep. The easy answer: I make time.
9:48 texts exchanged with the mister... did you get it paid? yes, dear! talked with the mortgage broker today.... and what did she say... which reminds me, my house is a mess and yes, folks there is a for sale sign in the yard.. time to tidy up
The leader of the Chinese Revolution launched his ‘Great Leap Forward’ campaign in 1958.
Now there is something I don’t like about Saudi Arabia. I don’t like it that I am not able to drive here. I like it sometimes when all the responsibilities I had in the US i.e. taking kids to doctors, getting groceries and miscellaneous stuff gets transferred to my husband. But I don’t like it when I need to get out just for entertainment or when I need to get something badly – I have no one to drive me. I don’t like taxis or the money spent on them so I stay away from that option. My husband has gone to the USA for a conference and my daughter from college in the States has come to Saudi Arabia for her summer vacation. I like to go out perhaps to a mall or to some place outdoors or maybe to a book store but I feel very handicapped since my husband is not around. We do have the compound bus that takes the residents to various shopping areas but I would rather drive when I feel like it. I know I am spoiled but I really like to get that aspect of my independence back.
i have also emailed ASH Scotland as i think they would give a good insight into stopping as a whole and this would be the final part of my package the “get help” part and i think they would be ideal for that part again i am awaiting a response from them.
Winter Quarter Week #2 Complete! We're getting back into the school routine; the beginning of the week was a little rough, but then we started to hit our stride towards the end of the week. Monkeyboy battled a cold all week, thanks to his first full day in Nursery at church on Sunday, which made some of our days a little harder to manage.
Phreak: I’m comedic gold.
Mile 13: I swear that mile 13 was the longest mile I have ever run in my entire life. We just kept shuffling and shuffling. I tried not to walk but I had to. It was along some highway and we could see the stadium but were not getting any closer. Near tears.
Cascade Brewing Temptor -- good stuff
Blog about Noel's store with a link.
Anne Dollár, Miami University
For our Thanksgiving Dinner, the star of the show was the Sweet Potato Casserole. I made this recipe, last Thanksgiving, and it was well liked. This year, my son asked if I would make sweet potatoes with marshmallows. Well, I hadn't really planned on it, so I didn't have marshmallows. It was the night before Thanksgiving, when he posed this question. There was no way I was going to hit the grocery store battlegrounds of the Last Minute Thanksgiving Menu craziness.
In my previous post I 'wrote' about Stillness - the ever present ... our connection with our Inner Self. If you look at a horse, it is completely surrounded by Stillness and if you enter the space of a horse ... you can feel this 'presence.'
This is critical since we see a common theme that administration across the district have told my colleagues and myself - we are all to avoid Mexican work and perspectives at all costs. However, these authors are a part of the same censored, banned, or illegal curriculum and this surely means we must abandon these authors and this curriculum, too. We are also forbidden to use the critical lenses to view the work which challenge students to develop academically credible arguments in order to support their own views.
Chris is a Visiting Lecturer at INLOGOV interested in the politics of local government; local elections, electoral reform and other electoral behaviour; party politics; political leadership and management; member-officer relations; central-local relations; use of consumer and opinion research in local government; the modernisation agenda and the implementation of executive local government.
Maybe resurrection will take the shape of forced laughter becoming free and genuine.
I had gone to the store to find one of those Christening white outfits,. They are cute cute! but as I was looking at one of them I started thinking, hmmm, this outfit is so easy to make, this one is not even well finished, the fabric is nice but the finished not much, plus, I can totally make one myself.
Why is Virginia’s life and death relevant to Terrible Truth’s pursuit of “Obama” lies?
But when she woke up in Zumi's, our local fair trade coffee shop, she babbled "happy" again and again. I think we both feel better. Walks and January thaws (and a decaf caramel cloud latte for me:) definitely make us both "happy". Perhaps when she wakes up from her nap we'll go to the beach!
So, naturally, I gave a hearty cheer when this guy let me know that a new pub was being planned in the Partick part of Glasgow's west end. Not much was known about what exactly was planned, however, various rumours ricocheted around the city that it was going to be something to look forward to.
Q.: In young adult fiction in particular, it’s important that readers bond with the characters – what do you think is the most important thing to get right when you’re creating a character?
Then, the internet dies again and the stupid FAST3304-V2 page that I hoped never to see again returns to haunt us.
Though you look so impassive, ample and spheric there,
After losing everyone she loves, concert pianist Liesl Bower has nowhere to go but to escape into her music. Searching for the peace she usually finds in her concertos and sonatas, Liesl can’t shake the feeling that she is being haunted by her past . . . and by someone following her. When she spots a familiar and eerie face in the audience of a concert she’s giving for the president in Washington, DC, the scariest day of her life comes back to her with a flash.
I'm always making fun of all the Y chromosome types in my life for incessantly memorizing and reciting every single line from every single movie they've ever seen.
I forgive myself that I havent accepted and allowed myself to realize that the imagination of being hurt by another because it makes me feel good, is a thought that originates from me placing myself as inferior, not equal, and also creating an alternate reality in my mind, which is not the same as real life, where I do not feel good when I am really threatened by another.
Bad stuff is always going to happen. People will die unexpectedly, get terrible diseases, suffer from physical pain, have hearts broken, lose jobs, lose friends, be treated cruelly, make terrible mistakes. But the slogan that people used in response to suicides and bullying in the LGBT community is true for everyone—“It gets better.”
This led to the conflict about car ownership.
We made 'Black Bottom Banana Cones' today!
Former superstar basketball center and current TNT mumbling head Shaquille O’Neal has told Jon Stewart, the New York Times, and ESPN that he’s getting his doctorate at Miami’s Barry University, where he defended his dissertation this month. His purported title? “How Leaders Utilize Humor or Aggression in Leadership Styles.”
Eugene Terre'Blanche, the once-feared white supremacist leader in apartheid South Africa, is back. He is more subdued and circumspect than in his heyday in the 1980s, but his message has not, fundamentally, changed.
Stamping smiles for our kids, Karen
Bailey used a Taser until Carter fell to the ground. Carter’s suit said the officers did not tell him he was under arrest or give him instructions as they used force on him.
Thomas M. Butler, 37, Kings Park, N.Y.
I'm human. I make mistakes. Yes, so do you, but not once have you even taken my wants and needs into account. It's all about you. Well guess what, this time it's about me. Start treating me like you care. Because otherwise all you're going to succeed in doing is pushing me away. Unless that's really what you want. I don't know anymore.
2. I Haven't Got The Nerve
2. Philosophers Stone
In case you haven't figured this out yet, money is not a problem in Nepal. There is plenty of money. It all goes into deep pockets! I had to wonder how a student could concentrate on anything, let alone fine arts, with such a reek coming into the old classrooms.
¼ cup cornstarch
“Have a carrot,” said the mother bunny.
using Grandma Star Hexagons and adding Pentagons...
As SwingBot recuperated, BG changed condoms and continued fucking, now in my cunt. We all collapsed on the bed after that. After a brief rest, BG started me going again with oral attention to my nether regions. He fucked me, finished, and then SwingBot surprised me by telling BG to get out of the way so that SwingBot could take his turn with me, which he did. I could really get used to this serial sex partner trend.
I don't usually wear lipstick because I tend to lick it all off rather quickly but these photos make me think I should wear it more often.
However, Fathi said, this did not mean that NUJ had been cowed into silence. In fact, the union had issued a statement a day after the rally asking whether the police action against the media was meant to cover up the wrongdoings of their men on duty.
I am also stepping out into some new service in my ministries. I continue to learn and develop the truth that to grow in Christ I need to be serving his people. I connect more deeply, love more strongly, and grow deeper the more I strive to have a servant heart.
Sometimes a curly shepherd lad,
PIYO: That’s true.
married: before 1846
Oh, Gaines flipped himself out of his pack and play Saturday morning. He sleeps in the pack and play in our room and pulled himself up on the side. He got a little top heavy and flipped out. We woke up to, Thud. "Waaaa!" That child is a M.E.S.S.
By the way, if anyone is interested in a
The world is not coming to an end as a result of all of this. We are all still here. That's a good thing. This is an opportunity to learn from this experience. Rather than worry about the U.S.'s new, lower credit rating and what that means, casting blame at how we got there, repeating stories of whose fault it is and creating a fear and panic about where we're going, this is an opportunity for us to unite toward solutions that feel better. We can do that by finding things to appreciate in this situation right now.
As part of GiRL FeST San Diego, a lecture and panel discussion was hosted at San Diego State Friday titled “War on Women: Human Trafficking in the U.S.” GiRL FeST is a nonprofit festival with the purpose of “changing peer culture in order to prevent increasing violence against women and girls through education, art and positive representations of women.”
Sheiner EK; Sheiner E, Carel R, Potashnik G, Shoham-Vardi L. Potential association between male infertility and occupational psychological stress. J Occup Environ Med 2002; 44: 1093-1099.
Apologies for not posting this sooner. But as the saying goes, better late than never, right?
Grazier Photography
As her system boots, memories flood her brain, emotions swim through her veins, and before she knew it, that disturbed girl is back. Her silence is invaded. The peaceful trance is disturbed. And again, for the nth time, she lost.
In this movie Rocky pops the question to his beloved Adrian on a winter day at the Philadelphia Zoo, and miraculously without the word “Yo”. And of course her answer is equally simple.
Parallel structure, please. Yes, even normal people maintain parallel structure when talking casually. It just feels more natural that way.
Just choose a line either vertical, horizontal or diagonal and use the items in that line on your card .. when you link to our challenge just tell us which items you used.
After that, William insists on bringing his father home to meet Jane over dinner. They bring home some steaks and wine, and when they come home Jane is naked behind a crate that is encasing the painting William's mother, Isabelle, sent him. They break the crate open. The painting depicts some glowing green circles and a spiral nebula against a black background.
Man, you’ve got yourself spooked. Get your head straight!
Plane Ticket
Or will you shut me out when I ask, Baby
La coccinelle (f.)= The ladybird
A violent but interesting read about a man who comes across some money from a drug deal gone bad, and then has to hide from the sociopath who's looking for it. McCarthy has a bare-bones style, which makes reading his books a tad confusing when he does things like not using punctuation marks, but his choice of words and the storyline will keep you intrigued regardless.
and a fire near my sister's boyfriend's house had them leave as well.
Asked to comment, Satan, from his villa in Vatican City, said, “Go ahead and think I am Allah Yahweh, go ahead and say Fulford is correct, that is fine with me — for I am my Name.”
It wouldn't do our looming economic crisis any harm, either. These figures I've seen come from Tom Lloyd, the former chief constable of Cambridgeshire police: "It's estimated that we spend about £10 billion a year on enforcing the drugs laws and that criminals make up to £6 billion profit a year. It is also estimated that up to 70% of acquisitive crime is committed by users seeking to fund their habits (ca. £16 billion)." If those are accurate, there should be more than enough to spare for rehabilitation projects and training schemes.
At Young Gul’s place, Young Gul is drinking while Anna is asleep in his arms. LITERALLY. Did the dictionary in Young Gul’s mind mess up the definition of two timing so that it applies to Ga Young but not to himself? Seriously! I’m pulling my hair out now! Ah, Jae Hyuk is back. And he’s adorably arranging three lunch boxes in his relaxation room, all smiles. However, he gets a text from Ga Young thanking him for his words but saying she’ll eat outside. That dampens his mood and he starts chugging down food, trying to keep himself upbeat telling himself it’s delicious but finally puts the box back down. He walks into the working room to find Ga Young half working, half eating.
So, if you don't win your own copy, you can go here and order a copy or three (this book really is a great gift!) and you will be helping other mothers...and their children. I told you this one was fabulous!
I don’t just hear a note or a sound. I hear a symphony. But I’m not equally gifted with the ability to put those sounds on paper.
Pepler, D. & Craig, W. (2008). Bullying, interventions, and the role of adults. Education.com. Accessed on April 25, 2012.
Reflecting on this experience has posed several questions for me: What are my criteria? What do I value in my own work and in the work of others? What can be excised? What am I hiding from?
Sometimes I even write about teachers and nurses. And hot cowboys.
So many people from all over the country were there. Many of them had traveled alone. We met a woman from Seattle and a man from Dallas. There was a couple from Maryland that had a goal of doing a race in every state. So far they were 4 states in.
In her second race, a 6f MSW on 08/20/2011, she finished first by one length, defeating second place finisher Broadway’s Alibi, an eventual G2W who has started to garner quite a bit of buzz.
Next I decorated xtra-large cosmetic bags. I made three for the little girls to hold their pens, pencils, crayons and stuff. Then I made three for the big girls to hold makeup or whatever. They looked very nice and for $18.96 for six xtra-large zippered bags (again, coupon codes at ArtsCow) I couldn't go wrong.
Stamp the middle letter First, then work your way out.
Giacometti pour la vie, Henri Cartier Bresson
No Sue, I'm not strict. But if I had trouble makers like you, Steph and Nicky then I probably would be.
They're becoming very difficult to find!
Jersey dress - Basque by Myer
All in all, I do think that this book's premise does fall a bit flat, however, I am hoping that the series will be able to regain its stride in the next book of the series, "Destined".
As for Steve Whittamore, he isn’t talking to anyone. Ironically, his phone number gives an unobtainable signal – a very recent development, I’m told.
15 minute AMRAP of:
forgive the things I do
Authorities.—The Nonjurors, by J. H. Overton, D.D., Canon of Lincoln. Abbey and Overton’s English Church in the Eighteenth Century. Lord Macaulay’s History of England, vol. v. Tyerman’s Oxford Methodists (Harper Bros., New York). Dean Plumptre’s Life of Bishop Ken (2 vols). The Mother of the Wesleys, by the Rev. John Kirk (Wesleyan Conference Office). Oxford High Anglicanism, by the Rev. Dr. Rigg (C. H. Kelly ; 2nd ed. enlarged, with Appendix, 1899).
We went out to the grocery store to get some pineapple for Walnut. While we were there somebody we don’t even know gave my kids each a dollar through one of the ladies that works there. Crazy! And I almost left my cell phone because I put it down on a case of water behind the conveyor belt, and forgot I put it there. One of our regular guys took us out. He’s about 10 years younger than me, and he is always very nice to me and the kids. I think he might be flirting with me, or trying to because, he said that I look like I am 10 years younger than I am, and he was really hurt when I mentioned that I could tell by looking at him that he drank far too much milk and not enough water. I didn’t mean it in a mean way. Drinking a lot of milk makes your face rounder. The boy who is the smallest physically of any of my kids, in bone structure, has the roundest face, because he drinks a ton of milk. Anyway, when I first said it, before I explained myself, you would have thought I took out my b-b gun and shot the poor guy in the foot. When I mentioned to Daughter #1 that I thought he might be flirting with me, she said, ‘Really?’ I said, ‘It happens all the time, only you don’t notice as well, because usually I can play, ‘Duck and cover,’ and hustle all of you off and pretend to be busy. You guys aren’t making it so easy for me this time because this guy is your friend too.”
Pipsqueak sat on an upended crate, his feet dangling above the ground. “Her brother got his brains splattered by the coppers trying to lift some groceries.”
We’ll always be together
"Did Dad pay when we lived with her?" he asked.
Ms. Brown informed police that she could not walk into the police station, so she was indignantly dragged by her arms into the station. They left her lying on the floor of a cell, and she passed away fifteen minutes later.
Poster;
What follows is what Gaga does best, a catchy dance number, high-fashion garments, thought rousing pop culture symbolism, just with no product placement all over the place this time. The Judas dance choreography is one of the strongest we have seen from Gaga thus far.
I was attracted to this top simply because the design on it was so striking. I love the mix of colors. Once on, however, it was clear it wasn't going to work for me. I tried on the X-Small and it was HUGE! It swallowed me up. It doesn't look as bad in the pictures actually, just a bit baggy, but in real life, it was a train wreck. Sized out on this one. I will say although it was cute, it's no way $78 cute. Wait for sale and size down on this one.
The non-state Chinese Independent PEN Centre comments, with grave courtesy: "We cannot but ask: to understand Chinese literature, should the British people rely on... recommendations by the Chinese government alone?" The Centre has objected to the British Council's collaboration with the GAPP, saying that if it "wishes to promote an authentic cultural exchange in a free and civilised way, please do not disregard the independent writers whose works are dedicated to shaping Chinese civil society".
The next day I woke up and started bouncing around excitedly trying to get my family to go down to the Waterpark with me. Mum was busy, so Emi and I went down. It's an all inclusive resort, so the waterpark, rooms, restaurants, convention center, and spa are all accessible without ever leaving trhe building! Emi originally didn't want to go in the wave pool, or on the slides, since the last time she'd been to a waterpark she was about 8 and it terrified her! However, as soon as she saw that there were tubes for the wave pool, she decided she's try it, and we both had a blast! After that, we tried several slides, which were all extremely awesome!
me - "John loves this little specialty chocolate store near our house. I am going to go buy him some butter creams for Valentine's day. I can pick out the candies he likes and get him the perfect box of chocolates."
- Sugar for rolling cookies and sprinkling on after baking
“And as they cried out, and cast off their clothes, and threw dust into the air.”
“There are even animal brothels in Germany,” she said. Sex with animals was being increasingly seen as a lifestyle choice, and thus more acceptable.
“I wanted this casualness with the clothes and what was already there, and the banana is to play on this idea of time and temporality and the life span of a piece,” Faler said.
(JAC: Wikipedia says:
As this site is pretty new I have been messing around and creating different styles of logos etc let me know what you guys think!
They don’t know how to hold a grudge or how to stop smiling. They are the epitome of unconditional love….they just will avoid a person if they don’t feel uncomfortable….they do not slander a person if they don’t somehow gel with them. They just trust their instincts and allow their bodies to tell them when to expect what. They are so open about what they like and do not like….they just don’t have the understanding of Judgement…..hence they are completely themselves where-ever they are. The curiosity and inquisitiveness which is so innate to them is what propels them to try new things without fear, they do not have even an inkling of what is it to suppress. They don’t get scared of being labeled as dumb or foolish if they don’t know something. They are just Pure Beings of Love and happy to BE.
04-23 Dallas, TX – House of Blues
The day was beautiful, the lions were roaring and we got to feed a giraffe!! We will be back again soon.
Looking back, she can see how she put common sense to one side as she tried to fit in with the other students.
It might not be everyone’s idea of a relaxing holiday cruise, but today 1,309 passengers will set sail from Southampton on a trip recreating the exact journey the Titanic took on its ill-fated maiden voyage a hundred years ago.
"It's 2:40 ? OH SHIT !"
I’ve written since I was 4 years old – it was clearly a way for me to express the supressed trauma. When my kids started to leave home I decided to see if I could get published. I’ve always known I could do it but had never really found my voice. I joined a local writing class and it became apparent from week number one that I really could write. Each week I got great feedback, which inspired me to write ‘Love Hearts’ – and suddenly I’d found my voice and had an agent and a publisher. It all happened quite quickly. The only other study I’ve done is to read lots of kids books and to read a book on plotting.
Ik was helemaal weg van de schattige vogelkooi rub-on...die moest een prominent plaatsje op mijn layout krijgen.
If hope really means holding to a wish for something, expecting that it will come true, grapes are the poster fruit for hope.
To go along with the book, Nathan made a rocket. He also made alien friends (Sarah, Zachary and Nicholas did as well). It ended up being a cute project for all of them to do.
In need of some revamping your home or office space after the new year? I look forward to January for several reasons. It's a time to get reorganized AND revamped! Give me a call if you're interested in booking for January.
Rest in Peace - HBS.
Forgotten is one of those wonderful novels that holds you spell-bound from beginning to end. Catherine McKenzie writes of a strong protagonist whose life is turned upside down when she becomes victim to circumstances beyond her control. She has been missing for six months, even considered dead! But she can explain. However, Emma finds she cannot pick up where she left everything. Her job, her apartment...everything has changed.
All of my rhizomes came from a wonderful person in West Virginia and were dug from his private land. He has collected over 90% of the rhizomes from an area on his property where a new logging road is being dug so he has rescued the rhizomes from destruction. The picture at the top of this post is of one set of 100 rhizomes as they came 'packaged' to me. He did a fantastic job finding the size and age of rhizomes that I needed for this experiment. Thank you, Russ!
Amongst all the hysteria with Tupac being resurrected to take to the stage at Coachella 2012, Dre and Snoop managed a full set list performing back to back classics being joined on stage by the likes of Wiz Khalifa, Eminem and 50 Cent.
Getting back to the BN, I'd guess Robinson didn't tell managing editor Clark that she was ignoring a newsworthy story, so I take his claims at face value. But it's also clear that she was less than forthcoming with him, and I informed him about this via email. The question is, will he do anything about it?
Paula isn't that much older than me, but apparently it runs in her family. It found her mother at a young age as well. Alison told me where Paula was, and there was no question that I was going to go visit her. But truthfully, the idea of seeing her without her really being there scared me.
- 1 fried egg as garnish (optional)
It did get me thinking though that being young I do know other young mothers with the same issues and I see that divorce is such a prominent occurrence in our everyday lives but what really strikes me is why it happens.
Ver 15. And when it was evening, his disciples came to him, saying, “This is a desert place, and the time is now past; send the multitude away, that they may go into the villages, and buy themselves victuals.”16. But Jesus said unto them, “They need not depart; give ye them to eat.”17. And they say unto him, “We have here but five loaves, and two fishes.”18. He said, “Bring them hither to me.”19. And he commanded the multitude to sit down on the grass, and took the five loaves, and the two fishes, and looking up to heaven, he blessed, and brake, and gave the loaves to his disciples, and the disciples to the multitude.20. And they did all eat, and were filled: and they took up of the fragments that remained twelve baskets full.21. And they that had eaten were about five thousand men, beside women and children.
- Hanging Valet ($15.99) which is great for hanging in a hotel room when you travel, or for storing beauty must-haves. The tri-fold bag has three zipper compartments, including a removable bag and a secure hanging hook.
“Your spelling hasn’t improved.”
There have been many warnings since immigration began but senior police chose to keep crime figures secret to further their own careers and kid the public that everything was working out when it was not.
Though an 18th century English aristocrat that had never seen America could understand this so clearly, our modern aristocrats cannot seem to understand why our occupation of Iraq causes so much hatred.
Today's outfit is brought to you courtesy of having to rush to get the munchkin on the school bus. I had no time for a clothes-tastrophe and so I reached for the one item in my closet that never lets me down....my gray shell!!! I can put it with ANYTHING and it just always WORKS!!! I wish I could wear it every day. I want more of them...in black, brown, pink, and maybe even cream. I don't know. But this works so well every time I need it to.
Debt Offering 14
Another couple things I loved about the House Sorter, were the adorable designs sewn into the house and the cute colors and different textures! I especially love the handle on top of the house, because it makes it easy to carry around..and "DD" loves to carry it around with her!
It’s an almost identical homage to Onegai Teacher in many ways in just the first episode, the only difference being she is the student and not the teacher. If it plays out exactly like the former series, I would be okay with that, but I am looking for something a little more. Being combined with the director of AnoHana though makes me question where things may go in this journey. Don’t get me wrong, I enjoyed AnoHana, but it was not what others hyped it up to be, and it didn’t really play out how I would have rather enjoyed it. Onegai Teacher/Twins kept itself light while keeping on a story track, so that’s going to be an important note.
I missed the people, they were great and they made me feel at home while I was there. I admired the way they got stuff done, including building a quick-attack and a water tender around the time I was there. It was old school the way they made do.
Right now onto my project for today!!!!!!!! A few weeks ago I went to an awesome retreat known as Camp Mojo and had a ball!!! So what better to scrap than a weekend away with good friends :) I always grumble a bit about mini albums as I don't like the getting it all together ready to scrap bit - but print out a bunch of photo's - cover each page with different paper and start at the beginning!!!!!! I ALWAYS fall in love with it as I go and by the end of it - discover it is so worth the effort and love how mini albums turn out :)
Custard:
PROJECTED DOSE MODELS COORDINATED WITH OTHER AGENCIES NONE SAID OFFICIALLY WITH A PRESS RELEASE. mR. DOORMAN. sUPRESSING INFORMATION. ‘
And then, all of a sudden Mike disappears.
The snake has a habit of shedding its skin every now and then — to emerge in all its luminous glory after discarding the old, dirty skin. In this version of his great collection of metaphors, the great one said the new party was actually the old skin that had been shed by the ANC snake.
He will not let your foot be moved; he who keeps you will not slumber. Behold, he who keeps Israel will neither slumber nor sleep. The Lord is your keeper; the Lord is your shade on your right hand. The sun shall not strike you by day, nor the moon by night. The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life. The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this time forth and forevermore. (Psalm 121:3-8)
What kind of JackAss is that eating Sushi, Roast beef and mashed potatoes in a same FXXXin' plate?
Rick Stevenson (Magic in the Water)
Strawberry smoothie is a very easy to make smoothie...It has got a tasty flavor and is a favorite among kids...
I grabbed a pair of socks and my sneakers and padded down the stairs into the kitchen. Mom was dressed, as usual, in a tailored blazer and pencil skirt. She had the same wild hair that I had, but she somehow managed to make it behave in a tightly controlled bun at the nape of her neck. I knew that she wanted to look extra-professional for her new job.
They are abolishing Disability Living Allowance. Sure, they're replacing it with the personal Independent Payment but this is nothing but an excuse to chop the amount of people eligible for it. DLA fraud is estimated at less than 1% of the total. Everyone else is legally entitled to it. But they have said we're 'unsustainable'. Do they have any idea how insulting it is to be told that?
“Yes and yes!”
PSYC 211 - Research Methods & Statistics
Bound together by
Then the coup, which has a funny twist to it. A very pleasant representative of the Indiana Railroad contacted me to use that same photo for their 2010 calendar. May, to be exact, an inset over a photo of a train of hoppers carrying nurdles to a production plant. From use in an environmental awareness magazine to use by the folks who transport them every day and night. The twist? A railroad worker's carelessness lead to me finding them in the first place. Full circle, anyone? I asked for a calendar or two in exchange for use of the photo. The representative from the IRR went me one better: that little photo paid off in some very nice swag, most all of it in Indiana Railroad red, and thanks again guys!
I yearn to drink
And whoever complains about slander been done against them, about misrepresentation, about anything they don’t want people to do against them and theirs, should be deeply ashamed doing the exact action, they condemn when done against them, against others.
Monterey Bay Aquarium and its Seafood Watch Program have tried to position themselves as the source for seafood sustainability and marine conservation. They encourage consumers to “choose seafood that doesn’t harm the environment.” When there is scientific uncertainty, they recommend to “err on the side of conservation.”
The entry and customs process was off to a chaotic and hectic beginning until, God in His wisdom, allowed an accident (which resulted in a Dr. Beaver’s glasses being broken, but which then interrupted the endlessly torturous cycle of standing in line, being grilled and plumbed for bribe money (none forthcoming!) and then put into another line. With the breaking of his glasses, the health officer came over, and ushered us straight past all of the remaining lines (the worst still awaiting — which is the point at which they search your luggage item by item) he took us out into the fresh (near-90 degree) air and into the hands of Ikenna, our Seminary protocol officer and greeter, an ordained Anglican priest and excellent servant of God by all accounts.
Whey – A serum from milk. Usually in cakes, cookies, candies, and breads. In cheese-making. Alternatives: soybean whey.
There is also a space to give it a name. If it is your own blog button that you are inserting, just call it My Blog Button.
I have a feeling he has something else to be upset over with me as well. I had a run-in with his mall marketing manager last Friday and basically told her to get fucked, without actually uttering that word. That stupid bitch still doesn't realize I don't work for her apparently. I'll probably post the details tomorrow on that incident because I have a feeling it isn't over with completely just yet.
I do tend to take a few other foodie necessities with me such as, Marmite, Horseradish Sauce and a jar of Mince Sauce.
I can't remember if I mentioned this last week, but our ultrasound technician commented right away on how big the baby is. She thinks bugaboo is about a week ahead of my due date schedule growth-wise, which would put us closer to 14 weeks now. No due date change, but watch for a Halloween baby come fall!
The scandal was meant to distract all media attention away from Barack Obama during his visit, so that the President could meet with other world leaders without being constantly asked by the reporters about what kinds of dog meat he ate.
run errands constantly,
I instagram’d it and made it all crazy, but I love it.
Here is our creation.
We did miss the big show, but instead we enjoyed the small, intimate show – a performance by jazz trumpet, singing and storytelling legend Hugh Masekela at the Mahagony Room, a fantastic 50 seat club that opened recently.
5. Garderobe. Behind the stage is a small garderobe. The room contains a large mirror and a dressing table. Always suspicious Laleth stored a magical elven dagger in the table. There is also an enhanted gong here that can store a single spell up to level three. Laleth used the gong to trigger special illusions for his audience.
Gwyneth Paltrow twitted that she had a horrific hangover celebrating her 39th birthday. She lost a front tooth and can't recall how she ended up with Mike Tyson's tiger.
In the mean time, it's back to wedding business as usual, it's a relief to let the secret out!
I’ve always thought it was cool the way health professionals can tell things about you just by feeling you up… it’s almost like a really creepy form of fortune-telling.
(Beat.)
We walked for 15 minutes and found the place called Rumble Tumble. It was £4.50 for unlimited play, and as we were hoping to go back to Waves if the boys weren’t too tired (or at least I was), it sounded good to us.
but his eyes were dead pools of black as he walked right through her circle.
Chronicle: What specifically are you going to do in the next term to work with the tech sector?
They start talking and he talks about a place, telling her to go with him someday-it’s very beautiful there. That brings her to a pause but then she smiles and gets back to work. He even tells her when they can go and then wistfully, staring into the pan says, “If we could be like this every day, it would be great.” He doesn’t see Ga Young smile at that. And then the doorbell rings. Is it just or that is bound to be BAD news? He asks Ga Young to open the door and she agrees but then pauses. He tells her it can’t be his mother. She’s not even here at the moment. And who should it be but Anna and Young Gul. Jae Hyuk walks forward and invites them in. Jae Hyuk, why, oh why?
As 2009 came to a close, virtually all of Obama’s initiatives were in shambles, not the least of which was his foreign policy and, in particular, his Middle East policy. He alienated Israel and the Arab League refused to provide any kind of peace gesture. Despite efforts to soften the public perception of Palestinians, they are still shelling Israel with rockets from Gaza.
You might be an Incarnated Angel if you…
I’ve always firmly believed that nothing is black or white; there’s always a grey area. I feel that meat is neither good or bad, but rather has aspects of both. One thing is for sure: my philosophical musings of meat have altered my experience in the space of the Meat & Seafood Department of the co-op.
It was beautiful. Sweet and made Me feel dizzy, but happy, like I could do anything. I knew the flavour on the meat now. It was wine.
Exactly one year after Tom Solomon meets Violet Barnes, he surprises her with a ring. By all accounts, Tom and Violet are destined for their happily ever after. However, this engaged couple just keep getting tripped up on the long walk down the aisle.
This past weekend was nice and relaxing. I'm trying to enjoy as many of them as I can before school starts and then my weekends will consist of studying a bunch and trying to keep my sanity.
Why do I have such a hard time talking with people I actually know? A complete stranger of a woman mistook me for someone she knew and was still sweet to me. I could learn a lot from her.
For more information on the museum, including tour times and prices, please visit their website at http://historicdumfries.com/weemsbotts.html.
Australia: Truth falls victim to the sparkling stone
As you lay sleeping next to me, I can't believe how blessed I am to have you. I know you will be a great big brother. You're such a sweet, caring little boy and I can't imagine life without you. I look forward to this new chapter in our lives. We have until December to soak up the novelty of just having you as an "only child" and I hope to share many, many experiences with you before that time.
Really? You’re surprised by this? I’m not. The lunatic fringe don’t want to have a conversation. That’s the absolute last thing they want to do. Indeed, they want to shut down the conversation. That’s the whole point, after all. That’s why their leaders talk over everyone else on shows like Meet The Press, that’s why they staged the summer Town Brawls, shouting down even the members of Congress hosting these events. That is why they are always being whipped into a frenzy, and that is why they are perpetually “steaming in anger.” The absolute last thing these people want is a conversation, because when we have a conversation reason wins. And they are the opposite of reason.
Through this process I am hoping that God will show me which turns to take and which ones to avoid. Right now that is all I can hope for.
and lands on a fence post, close by
The parents lamented on the amount of trophies that were piling up at their house and nine year olds with black belts!! Sure, there are a lot of levels of black belts in tae kwon do, but seriously, hearing a nine year old boasting about being a black belt is rather obnoxious.All of this is okay, if that's what you're looking for, but know and understand the difference.
"Though Teen brains may indeed not possess myelin sheaths that adults brains have, that doesn’t make them 'unfinished', in the sense that the article portrays: foolish, flawed, poor decision makers.
I've really had a lot going on lately. So much that I'm falling behind on blogging about it. Today I'd like to catch you up on one of my most exciting recent projects - the writing and publication of Million Dollar Diva.
Commentators have noted that Righthaven may be withering on the vine. It is being attacked from all angles, the legal theories that form the basis of their stable of cases has been completely undermined, and they have not filed any new lawsuits recently.
Ephesians 5: 25 Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her 28 In this same way, husbands ought to love their wives as their own bodies. He who loves his wife loves himself. 33 However, each one of you also must love his wife as he loves himself, and the wife must respect her husband.
This vinyl rip was flat transferred to .mp3 @ 320 vbr using EAC's .WAV editor and compressed using dbpoweramp and LAME 3.97. Enjoy: http://www.mediafire.com/?bm8y39aux1d6fe5
Que Sera, Sera - Dave Alvin And The Guilty Women (Doris Day W’56)
A display of some of the Gaja product line.
As something so important to society (never mind to my own tastebuds!), I have decided to share my own experiences with some of the most classic and important beverages: tea, coffee, beer, wine, and spirits…perhaps even something more exotic, from time to time. I will attempt to mix in historical and personal information along with the preparation and sensations of each drink. I’m not expert, to be sure, so if it appears I’m doing something grievously wrong to an otherwise good drink, feel free to let me know!
Him being a table setter for the four power hitters behind him (Brennan Boesch, Cabrera, Fielder and Delmon Young) will make the Tigers offense that much better. And it could be one of the big keys in helping the Tigers accomplish their goal of bringing a World Series title back to Motown.
On my last trip to my LHBS, I picked up a March pump and some fittings. The kettle keeps getting heavier to lift. So I am 2/10th of the way to having a completed brewing system. All I need now is two kegs, three burners, a frame, another pump, and an electronic controller.
One of my favourite sets from the soon-to-retire spring mini catalogue is Fruit and Flowers. I've found myself returning to it time and again and its versatility has astonished me. Here's a note card I made when I was experimenting with the beautiful large flowers in the set:
-Jared Enderton
The film’s screenplay does bring up a lot of questions but mostly it is made just to have us on-the-edge-of-our-seats the whole entire time. Right when you think something is going to happen, director David Slade just pulls the carpet from right underneath us and gives us a scene we weren’t expecting to see next but it’s so tense and suspenseful to the point of where we can’t even sit still and watch this. It keeps on getting more twisty and more twisty as the film goes on and I think Slade did a good job at making it seem like this flick could honestly just go about anywhere and anyplace to where I just gave up predicting what was exactly going to happen next.
Tuesday Blech, I feel worse today. Good thing I went to the doctor and got anitbiotics. I'll be fine by Friday.
flowers are some really old decoupage...yes i am on a mission to use my stash lol
When it’s time for kids to be let go, let ‘em go. She raised us boys to be independent, to take care of ourselves, to clean up our own messes, and to purchase our own stuff. She set us free to live our lives as we felt led to lead them. When it was time to let us go, she let us go.
Shaving in the shower is common for women, but for men it's a little difficult if they don't have a mirror in front of them. Not anymore, with ShaveWell's Fogless Mirror!!
Last week's Poetry Jam poem was something of a dud, I admit. This one at least has the advantage of being shorter. On the theme of Windows:
Seriously?!?!?!?
Write a note, draw a picture, or create something special to tell your favorite thing about your teacher. Do your VERY BEST work! Put it in an envelope marked PTA and the teacher’s name and send it in by Tuesday, May 8. We’re going to use it for a special decoration for the teacher’s lunch!
We experimented with lifting the lid and closing the lid. We found that when we had a choir near the piano it was best to close the lid. Otherwise, we left the piano opened on the smallest prop.
Pamela Golinski. Co-chair of the LPTW’s International Committee, and a lawyer with 22 years experience in entertainment, especially theater. Featured this fall in the “Legal Elite” edition of Avenue Magazine as one of NYC’s top women lawyers. I love to help people get ahead in my industry.
*not be entered in to more than three challenge sites
The last time we re-skeined, we got a bit done, but this time we needed to make a MUCH bigger dent to the box of skeins that were just waiting for us. Instead of meeting at 6 and working until 11:45 pm (serious dedication, right?), we decided to meet around 4. Before going over to my friend Robin's house, I had to run errands (I couldn't show up without a dessert and flowers!), go to the post office (again!) and get gas in the car.
Spinach, 1 bunch, cut into small strands
After researching (aka,googling the answers to understand what the hell I needed to know) I made the phone call in between clients while shoving down some lunch and writing tomato sauce-smeared progress notes.
My own preference is to peg it back to its 1968 value of $10 an hour (ironically 1/2 the mean wage at the present time) and index that to inflation. At that level, a full time minimum wage job would be almost capable of supporting a family of four above the poverty line.
Then how come I still HURT so bad? I mean, the evidence is all there in front of me. No more having to question whether his feelings of “love” for me were true or not. No more having to question where his true intentions were. I read it, in blue and white, his WORDS to her. And really, that’s what always had the hold on me….his WORDS. So knowing that that’s all they were, just WORDS, never ACTIONS, why am I hurting from this? It’s not like I lost anything, not really. I just lost the words. But it’s the words that wormed their way into my head and my heart and my soul and set up camp. It’s the words that made me believe nobody could love me the way he did, he was always sorry for every abusive thing he ever did to me. It’s the words that made me live in fear of losing him, the words that made me treat my friends like crap, the words that made me even cut some out of my life. The WORDS controlled me, and how the hell do WORDS control anyone? How did I let that happen? And what’s wrong with me that I’m still hurting from them all? Sticks and stones will break your bones but words will never hurt you? Bullshit.
The image above was taken on my very first morning in Nebraska. It was nine years ago and I was being interviewed for the teaching position I am now leaving behind. I remember being amazed at how long the sunrise lasted—I was used to Houston where, by virtue of being nearer the equator, dawn becomes day more quickly than it does here. (If that seems strange, think for a moment of Alaska, where the sun can hover on the horizon for a large part of the day. It’s all about latitude.)
His word! It is that Lamp to my feet, that Light to my path!
Despite the financial worries associated with her education, Jenna embraced college life, excelled academically, and will soon be a college graduate. ThanksUSA is proud to have been a part of Jenna’s educational journey and we encourage all military dependents and spouses to apply for this year’s ThanksUSA Scholarship. Applications are being accepted through May 15, 2012, and complete details and instructions can be found here.
I have northern roots, and do not particularly like hot weather. I live in Paris partly because of its pleasant climate, but when the thermometer goes above 30° in the city it is horrible. I was suffering, but the whole city was tired. At work, everyone was complaining of sleepless nights, with open windows just bringing street noise, not cooling air.
Ok not really, but I'm gonna be pulling my hair out this week I am sure!
This beautiful and elegant design, called Celtic Yellow Rose Border on Ivory Wedding, has a beautiful ivory background with a gorgeous celtic knot border with yellow roses. This would be perfect for your Celtic or Irish wedding or event!
It’s a message that couldn’t come at a better time, as false equivalency was on blaring display after Tuesday’s primary election in Pennsylvania. Two Democratic incumbents, both members of the moderate (but dwindling) Blue Dog coalition, were ousted by more liberal challengers. The Times reports that newcomer Matt Cartwright, who beat ten-term Representative Tim Holden, “made Mr. Holden’s vote against President Obama’s health care law a major issue in the newly redrawn 17th District.” Holden encountered something of a perfect storm; not only had a recent redistricting left him with a more liberal constituency — a previously Republican-majority district was transformed into one in which Democrats had a 24-percentage-point edge — but his opponent received substantial financial backing from left-wing advocacy groups like MoveOn.org and the League of Conservation Voters. Cartwright ran as a ” an old-school Roosevelt Democrat” and argued that Holden was too conservative for voters. The other pivotal Pennsylvania race also turned on redrawn Congressional lines, as a merger of two districts forced a pair of relatively popular Democrats to run against each other. Jason Altmire, a Blue Dog who voted against health care reform, suffered a similar defeat at the hands of Mark Critz, who benefited from strong labor-union support and an endorsement from Bill Clinton.
Surprised ? shocked ? This is our national heroes.
I guess what I'm saying is, it's a good place to base your Kentucky getaway. It has plenty of amenities but more of a small town feel than Louisville or Lexington.
here on the blog, either individually
Copic Colours:
b. Lessor remorse covenants that allow landowners to terminate lessees upon the unveiling of any misrepresentations of science or facts by the industries.
Now that my new job comes with its own office for me, I've begun debating how this affects me should I have some smelly farts. For instance, by being alone in my office, I have the privacy and confidentiality that nobody will know what I've done. However, if someone were to walk IN my office soon after, well then I'm busted. Nobody to blame it on, unlike a scenario where there's a room full of cubicles.
"Well, is it something I can do for you?"
From the DoL numbers, farm manager opportunities are expected to drop by 5% between 2008 and 2018, a cut of roughly 64,000 out of 1.2M positions. Over that same period, the nation might see 125,000 more brand-new college graduates with Agriculture degrees.
With efforts to join our hearts
She also toured regularly with the big bands of Freddy Martin, Frankie Carle and Bob Crosby and sang in cabarets, in auditoriums and with the St. Louis Symphony. With Rosemary Clooney, Helen O’Connell and Rose Marie, she crossed the country in a revue called “4 Girls 4.”
I was reminiscing and thinking back to my good ol' days and trying to remember what songs defined my generation. Since the list was long, I thought of a song that had that "damn the man!" attitude, so I settled on the New Radicals' You Get What You Give. They were probably a one-hit wonder because I can't think of anything else they sang. Oh well.
- Reagan’s orange bitters
4. THE MAN WHO LAUGHS (1928) at the Niles Essanay Silent Film Museum. Again, I could put pretty much everything I saw at Niles on this list, but I had to choose one, and this is it.
Don’t ask me why I went and looked at my own dormant myspace page, for the first time in several years. Long ago, in 2005, in fact, I posted this there; seems worthy of replication on this under-nourished blog, so here goes:
Graham Dewyea: Hello, and welcome to An Hour with an Angel, with Linda Dillon, the channel for the Council of Love, and Steve Beckow, editor of the2012scenario. Our guest today is Archangel Michael. So with that, I’ll pass it over to you, Steve.
If this is not a place - Ken Medema
concoct
<U+FEFF>"I welcome you to needle and thREAD. What have you been sewing lately? Or are you embroidering? Pulling a needle with thread through lovely fabric to make life more beautiful somehow? Would you share with us just a single photo (or more) and a description of what you're up to? Would you talk sewing and books with us? I'd love that so much."
But anyway, I really want to say thank you! Thank you so much for all your prayers and good thoughts! It means the world to me! :) And thank you so much to my parents and my real life friends. You guys are awesome! My friend, Julie called and asked me if she could pick up anything from the store for me. I said, "Maybe some Jello." She came by with $300 worth of groceries! Ginny and Doreen were right there, offering to take my kids to football and cheer and help out in any way they could. Thank you!!!
My mind was reeling. It still is. I feel responsible. Like in the 8 months I’ve been there I haven’t done enough to impact the energy of our church. The human side of me wants to fix it, because she’s not the first to express this frustration. Then it becomes personal. Am I ill equipped? What has God called me to do, exactly? Is it possible to change our church? Is it possible to change THE Church?
Now isn't she sweet! It was a wonderful digi image to work with and if ole fuddy duddy here likes Amy and the rest of the digital goodies over at Crafty Sentiments Designs I'm sure you will too.
John-Paul describes his project as follows:
SH: I guess I should have brought it up.
So I'm (once again) presenting another one of my favorite recipes I've gleaned from the Our Best Bites cookbook. I know it's easy to just go get it from there, but at least this way, I may point someone (and by that I mean the two people that read this blog) to the easiness and yumminess that is this salad.
The power of story-telling is key. Good schools immerse children in stories from a young age, and this is a good way of presenting the world in which they live. Through fairytales we can deliver morals and values, and as they get older we can introduce more complex emotions, dilemmas and conflicts. Good examples are Malorie Blackman’s Noughts and Crosses saga or David Almond’s Skellig or Mark Haddon’s Curious Incident of The Dog in the Night – each of which seek to expand and challenge young adult readers’ perspective on the world.
1. Thank and link back to the person who gave you the award.
Such a bright line rule – pit bulls are per se dangerous – is misguided. Don’t get me wrong. I in no way condone what happened in this case. The dog was left in a small pen, escaped, and attacked and seriously injured a child. The owner put the dog back in the same pen, and the dog escaped yet again, and mauled another child, causing life threatening injuries.
I had another great day at the I Heart Market. I love being able to interact with buyers. To see people's reactions is just magical for me. I love it! I'm starting to get regular customers which is exciting. And customers that are especially coming to buy my goodies.
Fashion or Style?
5PM - I GOT AN EPIDURAL!! I am terrified of needles, and really enjoyed my other two labor/deliveries with no pain meds. But, this time, I seriously felt much more pain earlier on. I didn't want to know anything about what they were doing to my spine, and I literally almost passed out right after he stuck the needle in me. Oh my goodness, though, how amazing it is to not feel ANYTHING! It was cracking me up to watch the monitor and see contractions happening rapidly and strongly, but not even knowing they were going on. "Better living through chemistry," as my dad would say.
By the way, I watched the interview on Guerlain's website and the person who asked Thierry Wasser to make her a new Shalimar wasn't his niece, like other perfume bloggers mentioned, but his goddaughter (that's how it all started). The way he expresses himself is so beautiful. I wished he was my godfather too :(
That's a lovely piece of cover design, one of the best I've seen this year. What I like about it is there's evidently a lot of thought gone into it, not least because there are so many names listed on the jacket back flap it almost reads like the closing credits of a movie, or maybe a particularly elaborate band intro. We've got Tracey Paterson credited for the front cover image; Mauritius/Alamy credited for the back cover image (those pesky image libraries are never far away...); Petra Borner/Dutch Uncle on the patterns; and Claire Ward/TW on overall design (and John Bonham on the drums – good evening Norwich, we are here to rock you).
Dempsey had ordered a separate review last October following news reports that FBI courses contained Islamophobic materials, but ordered the new review after doubting “whether all parties understood the spirit and intent” of the earlier request.
Farmer #1: (wiping his brow with a bandanna) Whew! Well I guess that’s it then, here’s our plan for this year's crops.
That was last week, it seems an eternity ago… who knew that waiting could be so exhausting?
Her instant dance was also better than expected. I thought she would have the most trouble, because she tends to over-prepare and get out of sorts if anything goes awry. She held it together and performed, what looked to be, a very fast tempo, technically demanding jive.
The Trustees of the Medicare program have released their annual report on the solvency of the program. They calculate that the program is “expected to remain solvent until 2024, the same as last year’s estimate.” But what that headline obfuscates is that Obamacare’s tax increases and spending cuts are counted towards the program’s alleged “deficit-neutrality,” Medicare is to go bankrupt in 2016. And if you listen to Medicare’s own actuary, Richard Foster, the program’s bankruptcy could come even sooner than that.
The inventor of the American Novel, with Tom Sawyer and Huckleberry Finn, and one of the all-time greatest novelists, humorists, essayists, critics and all-around authors. Like Tolstoy, he had 10 chances to win, and ten times was passed over, in favor of the following eleven authors:
This octopus was made for a family member in Chicago who LOVES octopi. She had given me some yarn when I went to visit last month, and I used part of it to make this gift for her as my thanks. Like Max, it was made in the round, without a pattern, and is one of a kind.
Requirements :
People: Amen.
After the early morning meeting with the giant turtle I headed out on the road which was still wet after the downpour early in the morning. Water had collected in small puddles as I maneuvered the road, jogging along. Going a little further, I saw a large number of mango and jack fruit trees, laden with fruit. A lot of ripe mangoes had fallen off the trees and the road and the storm water drains were overflowing with the fruit. So many mangoes, for which there were literally no takers! On return, I headed for the breakfast in the restaurant by the seaside which resembled a huge hut with thatched roof. It had hundreds of birds of all hues and colors chirping. It was a heavenly feeling to be so close to the nature, and watch the white sand, the deep blue sea and a cool breeze, with
that three days ago I made a reasonable decision to short EUR against SGD (singapore dollar) and an excellent decision to go long on cable at the exact point it rallied, but sold out the cable trade with a very small profit whilst keeping the EURSGD short running. Unfortunately both rallied on the back of a bond sale/risk appetite increase and I was faced with the gutting sight of the GBP on a 1.5 cent rally whilst my short was closed out with a hefty loss.
GAH!!!
The assignments are all written to the Visual Performing Arts, Career Technical Education, and National Education Technology Standards. Most of the assignments are tried and tested, broken down into easily understandable steps. However this year I have added many new assignments to go with the new software, and I’m not quite sure how they will turn out. Therefore I am evoking the “beta” label (borrowing from computer geekdom). Since I use Macintosh computers, the manual is written specifically for those machines, and now for OS 10.4. But all of the assignments and steps could be adjusted for whatever software and hardware you have available.
I’d call art.
These are the albums that changed my life.
It looks much better than it did before though. I'm happy it's not screaming out "hey, look at me, I don't match". Because that, my friends, was getting annoying.
But I'm English if the English rule the roost.
And now, with the recession, I'm sure many kids that age are wondering exactly what to do. I can't offer much advice, seeing as every person and situation's different, but here's a comic that may make you smile:
So, Ma...What's for dinner?
1. Your full name
There were years when there were sooooooo many little kids with sooooooo many needs and demands that I could have SWORN they would NEVER grow up. And yet here we are. How and when did this happen?
Anyway that’s it, that’s my rant… Practice the good. Look for the good. Thank the good. Pray for good.
Here is the script to check if there is a MySQL sleeping process from long kill them and write log
He grinned that ten thousand megawatt smile. Exactly, Jen.
Here an interior shot of their adorable store in the Hamptons...
The university faculty had voted 100 to 69 to pass a resolution expressing ‘concern regarding the history of lack of respect for civil and political rights in the state of Singapore’.
Lilith accompanies these women disguised as a mischievous crow who befriends them and helps guide them on the right paths. The dangers are formidable, and eventually Lilith must decide if she will let her friend die and the errand fail, or sacrifice her own immortality so that one of these descendants of her hated rival might reach the Garden and save the life of her friend.
It's got a thermal lens so it it will rarely fog under normal conditions.
When I am asked about movie moments that mean the most to me --- or that I actually remember for some reason they all involve my brothers!
I gave them a call and booked an introductory session for myself and my sister for next week. If they were horrified when I gave my date of birth, they very tactfully did not show it – but I bet they’re drawing lots on who gets the short straw on that one!
I'm sure I'll be writing about aspects of the trip for ages (partly here) but for now we can maybe answer the most popular question ("so what were your favourite places/highlights?" - I can't tell you how many times we've been asked that!). OK - here goes:
What are the PS4 features we’d most like to see?
Buying names on labels rather than the wine in the bottle can often lead to real disappointment and a sense of let down unless you fork out for a good example of a particular classic wine.
1 cup chopped onions
Europe and the West now potentially face the most catastrophic disaster of our own making. We have imported Islam in such numbers as to make ourselves a minority within our own lands within the next few decades. In the case of Britain, recent reports suggest the indigenous British will become a minority by 2066. But this is not quite the whole story.
To make matters worse, Addy’s client has some secrets and her injury can’t be proven by a test or seen on an x-ray.
removed the doors and cut out the center post. Then I took the board
50But the Jews, working up the feelings of the God-fearing women of high position and of the chief men of the town, got an attack started against Paul and Barnabas, driving them out of those parts.
I love guacamole. LOVE IT! I love it so much that when I was doing Weight Watchers, I ate homemade guacamole and organic tortilla chips for breakfast every day for several months. I also love my food CHUNKY, and guacamole is no exception. This recipe ends up working well for really stretching out the avocado, which can really be expensive at times, with some less expensive veggies. I don't know about where you are at, but the price of avocados (Haas) really fluctuates around here. I passed them over for a couple of weeks when they were a whopping $2.50 each, but I snatched a bunch up a few days ago, when to my utter amazement, they were only $1 a piece! Thanks to that deal, I am splurging and using two avocados in this recipe, but it can be easily adjusted to make with just one avocado or 70, if you are so inclined. If I use one avocado in the recipe, I get four servings out of it, if I use two avocados, I stretch it to six servings. I can't stretch it past six servings since I am the only one in the house that eats it--and if you are mindlessly dipping tortilla chips in it, you're not going to get more than six servings anyway! ;) You already know I like it with my organic tortilla chips, but I also use it to top salads and chili, spread it on sandwiches and of course put it on tacos and the like. I may or may not be known to eat it by the spoonful on occasion.
I made just one card this week.
After months of deep, searing depression, she was finally happy.
I have to admit that I never thought that quinoa could be a breakfast item, but I was pleasantly surprised because I love quinoa. Like love it!
Thus it is not too surprising that many Comstockers believed Twain's similar but greatly embellished account of a bloody suicide by Bowie knife. In fact, the article caused such horror and outrage that, Twain had to print this retraction the very next day:
Now that you have all that you need (structure, accountability and resources from our first 3 topics), its time to give up the excuses and take some action to improve your health both physically and spiritually.
Table napkins definitely serve a lot of purpose on tables. It’s a good thing that there are a lot of options to choose from. This will allow people to customize it according to the event that they are celebrating. Using it often will also remind people on how they should behave while eating.
KATE BUSH – SENSUAL WORLD 2011
Haemarkge mutneun nege bimirira malhaesseo
Remember when Barack Obama was running for election? Remember how the line was that he was going to fix things and improve relations with our allies after 'Cowboy' Bush?
Little did I guess that one of us wouldn't be cuddling with a warm wet babe come spring, and that it would be my dear friend Stephanie who would bear this tremendous, life- changing journey this time.
Looking over my blog domain this evening I realize that it’s been a fairly long time since I’ve posted anything anywhere. As of late I’ve been more focused on consuming the world than contributing to it. Put another way, blame my bookshelf for the silence.
The primary meaning of the word “riddle” is “a mystifying, misleading, or puzzling question posed as a problem to be solved or guessed.” The secondary meaning is “something or someone difficult to understand,” with a synonym being “mystery.”[1]
When this behavior is exhibited with abnormally high consistency and or oscillation, the person may compulsively seek control, become power-hungry or unrealistic ally over-ambitious. Even when inappropriate these individuals may try to be planful, precise and efficient, always competent and in control. They are afraid of feelings of weakness, uncertainty or anything that makes them appear incompetent or not in control. They want to avoid feeling uncertain, confused, submissive or passive. Self-esteem is maintained by placing themselves/operating in a way which maintains the illusionary buffer of protection that perceived control over themselves, others, objects and situations offers against the mysteries and uncontrollable possibilities of reality.
Armed with information garnered during the last eight months, I'm ready to make some new predictions.
And there may or may not be some hectic warbling happening in the upcoming Gilbert & Sullivan production of Trial By Jury in the deliciously restored Dunolly Court House....
We can see that I am interested in providing Rose with a delicious cake. I'd rather have her here and be making a cake (if memory serves, she prefers a Chocolate Buttermilk Layer Cake with Peanut Butter Frosting). It wouldn't be as pretty, but I bet the company would make up for it. I've sent gifts (thank you Amazon!) and I can buy her cake, but I can't give her a hug.
to read how they made their works of art,
He got the nickname Roo while he was still riding in the belly - I'm sure that it was not a very amusing observation at the time, but I certainly resembled a Kangaroo (without the tail.) The name stuck, and now I'll be the mamita to a marsupial forever. Or at least until he becomes a teenager and nothing is funny!
May I close by disclaiming any prophetic gift. I shall feel under no obligation to answer the bell to anyone arriving at my door in November 2001 with a copy of this article in one hand and carrying a large stone in the other.
Ryan & AJ's lunches: Spongebob macaroni w/Daiya cheese in a Thermos; raspberries; mini banana apple blueberry muffin; meatless meatballs; blanched spinach w/shoyu.
I definitely feel if my life would just fall into place or I could put it all into place my immune system and my health would soar even higher.
In the Cathedral, we were lucky enough to join a tour given by one of the trainee guides. Jessica was a breath of fresh air! Don’t get me wrong, I can listen to older people telling stories for hours on end and love their worldly wisdom, but there was something special about a funky woman in her 20s leading a church tour. Loved the stories of kangaroos on the cathedra and the ‘Derbyshire squiggles’ on the floor (to find out more, go there yourself, or wait for our book due out about a year from now…).
Just as I imagined....this week threw me for a huge loop! I started back to work after about 14 weeks on maternity leave. Wowzer! It's gone more smooth than I imagined as far as emotionally (thank you, Lord, for answered prayers!) However, my body has felt it for sure! My diet has been messed up...quick lunches...quick, easy dinners. I only worked out once this work week, I am sleep-deprived, and my stress level is up with all the new demands.
The Acid Test Reels 1965-1967
Which part of the story was special, you ask: the dinner or the concert? They both were special, in the sense that I felt a connection. I felt a connection with my Dad, with the staff at Walker’s Grille, with Arlo and the band, and with the audience (the majority of which have been loyal fans of the Guthrie family even before Woodstock). Feeling connected is the most awe-inspiring experience you could ever give to yourself; it is the best gift on Earth.
JS – What will happen now? Sheridan will be released, the Scottish part of the public inquiry will be a whitewash as will the police investigation into police collusion/corruption, and Sheridan will be back in court looking for his £200,000 which has already gone to pay McNeilage. No doubt Sheridan will be armed with a copy of Alan McCombe’s book to show exactly what a shady organisation he is up against, and then there’s the NotW.
I took my dropship and made a few random bases throughout the map. Got me a little bit of minerals before he went around and destroyed them. He began to mock me, saying things like "Wow, you absolutely suck" and "Give up yet? You have nothing left lol". No, good sir, I don't give up until I know I'm beaten.
Oh the crush. Remember in high school, that one particular person you kept dreaming about--you couldn't get them out of your mind. Yeah, those days. The thing about a crush is whoever it is they make an impression that's keeps you thinking about them. I've been thinking about this in relation to books. I'm not talking about those books that you would read over and over till your eyes bleed because the MC and story and writing were just that awesome. I'm talking about secondary characters, you know, those characters who make you crush on them (Patch (Hush, Hush) and Jay (The Body Finder) come to mind).
A Buddhist burning incense before an image of a bodhisattva, a Christian prayerfully studying the narratives of the Bible, or for that matter a Druid standing with arms outstretched in the midst of circle of trees in the rain, taking part in the dance of the natural world, are all contemplating that which they hope, in their own way, to imitate. All three, and their equivalents in other traditions, are aware of the other side of the balance; the Buddhist affirms the reality of suffering, the Christian likely considers original sin as a fact of existence, the Druid knows full well that the dance of nature also includes pain and death, but the devotional and meditative practices of these and other faiths carefully balance such reflections with a more sustained contemplation of exactly those things the believer seeks to imitate.
And then alone in the night, I still called out for You
So now we sift our flours and salt together. You could definitely use a mesh strainer or an actual drum sifter, but our chef said in a pinch, a whisk works just fine too.
It is NEVER too late to be what you might have been. (George Eliot)
Ebooks will be the end of the hard copy, self publishing is the ruination of quality publishing, Amazon is a Mafia construct employing a cartel… the war continues. Can’t we all just get along? London book Week featured heavily on China, so, maybe it should be Chinese Book Week. Some people were not happy about the China thing, because it featured only some of the authors, according to some Chinese expert. I think he was called Som Ting Wong. Only some?… Have you seen how many people there are in China? London Book Week featured only some of the UK authors – I wasn’t featured. I didn’t go and kick in a window.
Vanessa and Justine are sisters. They spend every summer at Winter Harbor with their family. Vanessa is scared of everything and Justine is fearless. Then one night everything goes wrong; Justine gets in a fight with their mother and storms out of the cabin...the next day she is dead. Two weeks after Justine's death Vanessa can't help but feel something isn't right. She journeys back to Winter Harbor to confront Justine's boyfriend about what really happened that night. Little does Vanessa know that she is going to be entagled in doings beyond her wildest imaginings.
Peter and the other disciple started out for the tomb. They were both running, but the other disciple outran Peter and reached the tomb first. He stooped and looked in and saw the linen wrappings lying there, but he didn't go in. Then Simon Peter arrived and went inside. He also noticed the linen wrappings lying there, while the cloth that had covered Jesus' head was folded up and lying apart from the other wrappings. Then the disciple who had reached the tomb first also went in, and he saw and believed - for until then they still hadn't understood the Scriptures that said Jesus must rise from the dead.
I've decided, I don't think I will ever perform bellydance. Why? I don't like people to look at me. Why learn bellydance only to not ever let anyone see you dance. It doesn't make much sense, does it? And I really don't care. I just want to know how.
The image of life as an apple tree came to me. I have been so afraid, of the other people around the tree, and of the tree itself, that I have rushed at it, collided with it and bruised myself on it, snatched at it so that I carry away nothing, or a dry twig, or some dead leaves. Whereas I may walk to it. The other people around it wish me no ill, and are no threat. The angry and fearful voices are just wraiths. I may go to the tree, and find the apple which feels to me most beautiful- not that which my intellect assesses as best, but my mature emotional being. It is ripe, and if I touch it in the right way it will come off in my hand.
The Witter Bynner Foundation for Poetry (http://www.bynnerfoundation.org/) endorses grants through nonprofit organizations, particularly as seed money, in support of individual poets, poetry translation and the process of translation, developing poetry audiences, and the uses of poetry.
On this pic, you can see the version where we allready had cut the flap - simply cut of everything from the last third that isn´t supposed to become the flap - does this make sense? I´m not sure ;) Basically, you leave the back from the container intact, but cut off the rest. During this process, I like to round the edges, but that´s optional. Whatever floats your boat.
-SSB Webmaster
and this was a Croque Monsieur that a friend had. It looked so good I ordered one to take home for lunch. Oh I'm so glad I did! In case you are curious what this is made of here are the details Pain de mie (Pullman bread), sauce bechamel, ham and Swiss cheese. Ummm......
every other time
Rammstein Ohne Dich D
Well, after walking along for about 30 minutes and covering at least 3/4 of a mile, we decided the ranger was somehow mistaken. We saw no fields of flowers or any discernible entrance or transition to Cascade Canyon. So we turned around and headed back to Inspiration Point and then, from there, found the trail that would take us around Jenny Lake and back to the Visitor's Center. To make a long story fairly short, we walked and walked and walked, and then walked some more! We actually did not mind this unplanned excursion, except we were worried about the dogs being left for so long in the Trek. And we were very glad to have that apple juice.
We started on Saturday April 7, 2012 with a family Easter Egg Hunt at my mom’s house — Nana’s and Papa’s Annual Easter Egg Hunt features 190 eggs for 4 kids to find and about 100 lbs of candy!!
As well as making lots of stock at the moment, I am also reading two very inspirational and motivating books, which I would highly recommend to anyone stuck in a job they don't enjoy or just needs that extra push to of positivity;
1/2 cup unsalted butter, room temperature
There’s also a bit of Irreducible Complexity in the article as well, with B.T. claiming that you need the genes, the arrangement of the molecules and the meta-arrangement of the molecules for the whole system to work. An argument from personal incredulity, evidently – this particular instance of the IC argument isn’t really justified at all, it’s merely that Mr Thomas is unable to think of a way for the system to evolve.
Speakers: Axel Voss MEP, Sophie in’t Veld MEP, Christophe Luyckx – Public Policy Manager, Europe, Global Public Policy, INTEL CORPORATION, Zoltan Precsenyi - European Government Affairs Manager, Symantec
Little Bobby Snooks was fond of his books,
For our first test we rode Novice B. I didn't feel like it went that great. I squeezed, and SQUEEZED her to try to get a little more energy out of her trot. But I what more could you want at this point? She puts up with a lot. So I didn't mess with her too much.
I only want to comment on three more things about it.
I'm not proposing that we further subdivide the community of parenting blogs, nor do I have a suggestion as to how (or whether at all) to reframe the language. I just want us to start understanding one another just a little bit better.
AK: Of the three, Susan Sontag was most drawn to the forbidden. She left a marriage and young child to spend a season in Paris with her lover, Harriet. In Paris, she wasn’t afraid of her homosexuality. The other women were breaking other barriers: Jacqueline Bouvier felt she had permission, in France, to explore the life of the mind. In Birmingham, Alabama, Angela Davis and her sister pretended to be from Martinique so they could be served at the front of the shoe store. For an African American girl In Jim Crow Alabama, the most basic public space was forbidden, and France — both the imaginary France and the real place — was a way out.
A South Indian clerk called Tirumal Appa had become a good friend of Shankar’s. They were of similar age. Tirumal spoke English rather well. He was keen to explore new things. He left home for Africa to explore new lands. That evening Tirumal came to sit next to Shankar. He talked about his family, his younger sister, whom he was really fond of. She was the one he missed most. Now this sister was going to be married off towards the end of September. Do you reckon the engineer sahib will grant some leaves? He asked Shankar.
Which after I watched (as much as I love chick flicks) THIS ONE became much more than that to me.
For the dough, you will have to mix the dry ingredients together first and then using the rubbing-in method, mix them with the butter. Then make a hole in the middle of the mixture and add in the eggyolks and vanilla essence. Mix again thoroughly.
I’m looking at you, Lou. I know how much you like to whore it up. SO WHORE IT UP!!!
* If we part company, what happens to any outstanding subsidiary rights?
For probably the last two years (maybe even more), our son has been known to get up before the rest of the house on a Saturday, and whip up some scrambled eggs, or a batch of pancakes or waffles. I’ve been met with raised eyebrows and astounded surprise from other parents when I’ve mentioned this. I guess they think an 8-year old shouldn’t be cooking alone? And that may very well be the case for some 8 year olds.
Now I think it is time to put my feet up and enjoy some mushroom and avocado on toast ....
Totally awesome.
Because we are also active in helping people to flee violence and torturing, and spreading the Good News in different areas in the world, we are also sometimes considered working in illegality. Therefore we are by some governements blacklisted and accused of being part of ‘terror groups’. Though we can assure you we only want to preach Good News and peace and are totally against any form of violence.
So lets go back to London Fashion week - what I can remember anyway...it was a bit of a blur.
Another shameful project. A Disney picture that was supposed to be for Sonshine. It came with a Setifikit from Disney and EVERYTHING - Even the correct Disney colours for Pooh. I don't even know where this embroidery project is, but the threads and the pattern are in a Somerfield bag in The Drawer Of Shame.....
Sen. Frank Drilon with prosecutors as backup singers: “Count On Me”
Wha? You were thrown into this war thingy that I don’t understand and you were told to carry some bridge all across the Shattered Plains and your shoulders are bleeding and your feet are bleeding and you weren’t given any vests or shoes because that damned Gaz guy doesn’t like you? HOW HORRIBLE! You poor baby!
Thanks so much to everyone who played along in our Wedding/Anniversary challenge last week. Your entries were amazing! Be sure to stop back on Tuesday and see who our random winner is and who has been chosen to be in our Top 3!
Marissa Tomei is up next in this vintage navy blue 1950s Charles James gown from Lily et Cie. She was criticised for wearing it. I saw somewhere that they thought it was ill fitted. Personally, I find it smashing.
I knew from the start that her cake would be carrot cake, but with her recent proclamation of Gingerhood, a little kick from some ground ginger was definitely in order! The ginger also helps add a level of complexity to the flavor of the cake, to play off Emma's internal struggles. In keeping with Emma's polished exterior, I topped the cake with a tribute to her signature bow blouses and throwback hairstyle - a white fondant bow with curled tails.
Here is a good example of why K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a is named Madhava (“sweet”). He is the supreme independent power. If he desired he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. But because his heart is sweet and selfless he is humble and feels the need to behave according to the desires of his beloved friends and family. Great sages and teachers headed by Dvaipayana (another name for Vyasa) do not foolishly mistake him for an ordinary person simply because he is so sweet. Therefore they offer him worshipful respect. This is quite socially out of place because K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a’s caste at this phase of his life (warrior) is such that he should bow to the sages and teachers. The sages however, know the spiritual truth of K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a’s supreme position and enjoy his sweet and humble role without forgetting that he deserves all respect and worship. K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a, however, is so sweet that he takes refuge in these social customs as an excuse to offer respect and worship to those who love him.
Mainstream movies come with a lot of hype and the expectations are set even before watching the movies. Even if we know nothing about the movies, we tend to recognize the actors. That kind of sets the expectations based on the actors’ larger than life star image. The stories often end up being pushed backstage. On the other hand when you just stumble into a movie, you have never heard of with actors you have never seen before, the stories and acting come front stage.
As a child I saw many things I did not want to be.
Hmm, was it because I had set in my mind that I would do that diet for a little while, lose weight and then start eating all those fattening foods that I loved so much?
Banaian stated, “The problem is that no one has ever championed for budget reforms in the legislature. I want to be the person that does. I can go down and testify all I want as an expert but the only way I can really get through to people is to go down and say, ‘I’m one of you. I’m a fellow representative and you need to listen to me when I say that this is how we have to do our budgets.”
For lunch I ate a ground-up nut mixture that contained carrots, celery, onions, garlic, and seasoning. I’m avoiding wheat products this week, so I wrapped it in lettuce leaves and had it with Gouda cheese:
We all know that breast cancer affects women at a significantly higher number of women than men, but still, cancer is cancer. When the Breast and Cervical Cancer Prevention and Treatment Act was passed in 2000, it was designed to cover women, and only women. According to the ACLU, “The federal Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services have instructed state Medicaid agencies that male breast cancer patients are categorically excluded from coverage for treatment, even if they meet all other qualifying criteria.” That is horrendous. Cancer is cancer, and Medicare/Medicaid should cover all of it. This does beg the question of where the deuce our tax money is going.
What to expect: You can expect their ages to range from older teenagers to young adults, they will most likely be either a boy or a girl. On occasion the distinction is unclear. They tend to wear ‘vintage’ clothes that normally smells like a billion year old man previously wore them. Items consist but are not limited to: leather slip on shoes -tight skinny jeans of various and vibrate colours – various patterned tights – checkered shirts – cut off jeans with frays – chinos – large scarfs – large pieces of jewellery often of retro origins and design – shirts that look like you are wearing a suit or other type of clothing.
The fort over against the oakwood,
This will be a quick hook-up:
Without question, the Beatles’ interest in Krsna Consciousness helped to spark this revolution. But it was also the presence of the devotees, who brought Lord Caitanya’s Sankirtana mission to towns and villages on every continent, that caused this Krsna Conscious musical proliferation to occur.
After you have let the meat sit in the marinade for one hour, you should go ahead and proceed with the rest of the ingredients. For this part you will need:
I have a FS Amber irregularly, but I check in at least once a year. I don't think I've ever had the beer on cask, though, and it was a revelation. It was served with Tyrconnell Single Malt, a whiskey akin to a gentle Speyside, but sweeter in the Irish fashion, and Oyster Isobella and a beet slaw. Amber is a thoroughly America beer, but its lineage is much in keeping with the gentler session ales of the UK. On cask, the malt was smooth and creamy, a perfect base for the slightly sweet, fresh, fruity American hops. Some malts manage to communicate the quality of the fresh, lively springs that feed their distilleries. Cask Amber does, too. I originally frowned when I saw Amber on the menu, but it was an inspired choice--Harris recognized what a perfect complement it was to the whiskey and salad.
*Lulus.com, Facebook or Twitter are in no way affiliated with this giveaway. I reserve the right to refuse an entry due to explicit or severely inappropriate content*
But they shouted, “Take him away! Take him away! Crucify him!” “Shall I crucify your king?” Pilate asked. “We have no king but Caesar,” the chief priests answered.
* There is trust in farmers but lots of questions about farming. Yazmir said Americans question the practices used in farming and ranching. The negative words used to describe modern farming practices included: mass production, pesticides, big business, subsidies, chemicals, factory farming and animal cruelty.
If only she would see her own contradictions, of claiming bravery, but applying cowardice. Of declaring love, but showing hate. Of displaying passion, but exhibiting chaos. Of shallow pretensions, but a desire for greatness.
My expensive Dutch-American lawyer says so.
Even more disturbing, he continued: "I salute the SA Communist Party for its steady contribution to the struggle for democracy. I salute General Secretary Joe Slovo, one of our finest patriots. We are heartened by the fact that the alliance between ourselves and the party remains as strong as it always was." Hardly a declaration that what he had in mind for the coming "New SA" was a Periclean democracy.
So the thing for publishers to do, to encourage ebooks and ereaders and satisfy their customers, is to get rid of DRM.
A horn honked, and he look around. “Where is that coming from?”
As internet look for results guests are very focused – they become your suitable customers. And this allows you to preserve big cash on purchasing AdWords, ads, e-mail programming and other conventional online marketing promotion. Get going cash now, you your funds more successfully.
These were my daughter's and my husband's very favorite wings that I have ever made, even though we all sat around wiping our eyes and noses while we were eating them. My son, bless his heart, missed out because he was out galavanting. Maybe next time, kid.
Steven Fiedler, who attended the meeting as a member of the Juniper Park Civic Association, said there is another complicating factor aside from the potential wetland investigation. He says there are two 46-inch pipes on Seneca Avenue and Vermont Place that the DEC wants sealed before any phase two work moves forward.
I won't try and paint this as a positive, but if you want to persuade top bosses about the risks of not taking climate change seriously, given the above, here's a simple way to do it: Educate them on weather risk.
Talking in techincal terms, my CPU usage always shows 100% and the process "svchost.exe" seems to be culprit! No virus, all probes run clean!! I have already tried so many fixes but nothing seem to help. So any techies out there, if you have faced such issue and had a fix, please let me know!
It was about 3pm when an excited Shankar arrived at the station. The station ‘office’ was little bigger than a wardrobe. The ‘platform’ was just a barb wired area. Behind the office room was his ‘quarter’, a little bit bigger. After dropping him off, the train left for Kisumu.
Cynthia Gaub For many years I have wanted to create art in the medium of Stained Glass. My glass window collage series was aiming to have the transparency and feeling of stained glass. Many of the pieces look wonderful with light shinning behind them. I like the compartmentalized look of stained glass and have even tried to translate that idea into fabric.
I hope you will hope on over to the Creative Card Crew to see what the rest of the girls have whipped up to inspire you. I also hope you will play along; I'd love to see how you use Kraft!
For a moment the bird dipped a few feet. It flapped its enormous wings furiously forcing itself to rise again. Suddenly, a blur shot out from the other side of the nest and landed on its feathery back. A set of razor sharp fangs drilled deeply into bird’s neck. The bird’s wings thrashed wildly, talons gripping the load tightly. The cat that had landed on top of it clung tightly to its back making it difficult to flap, the teeth that were sunk deep into bird’s throat crushing the windpipe made it difficult to breathe, and still, the bird would not let go of its load.
James Joe Ferguson, 39, Washington, D.C.
An old Greek word will end this topic....your guess is as good as mine.
Asafoetida ------------ ¼ tea spoon
One would almost forget that this is the nation that not too long ago was producing some of history’s most revered athletes. We’re still playing catch up to Edwin Moses, Evelyn Ashford, Carl Lewis, Mike Powell, Michael Johnson, Charles Austin, Jackie Joyner Kersee, John Powell, Mac Wilkins, Kim Gallagher, Johnny Gray, and Valerie Brisco among a host of others. We had Tommie Smith, John Carlos, Jim Hines and Charlie Greene simultaneously – yet we’re happy to have one Tyson Gay. We had Butch Reynolds, Steve Lewis, Danny Everett and Michael Johnson ALL at the same time. Not too long ago having multiple stars was commonplace in the U.S. – Carl Lewis, Mike Powell and Mike Conley; Conley and Kenny Harrison; Charles Austin and Hollis Conway; JJK and Marion Jones; Ben Plucknett, Mac Wilkins, John Powell AND Art Burns. My point is that right now we’d be ecstatic to have just one of those per event, yet we used to produce them in bunches!
Disfigured: Younus, left, pictured with supporter Tehmina Durrani, has undergone 39 separate surgical operations to repair the damage done to her face. The mother-of-one moved to Italy after the incident to live in Rome and continue her treatment. But on March 17 she took her own life, after leaving a message saying she was committing suicide over the silence of law on the atrocities and the insensitivity of Pakistani rulers.
You know, I ought to see if some other families with which I have had association would consider such a meal. Oh, not too soon. And probably not fried chicken this time. I have either made dinner for this family or eaten with them after doing so several times now. I've gotten some practice. The chili was just chili, the chicken was okay, but I think the corned beef was the best. I'll have to think about some other meals. It's just food, in the end, all of it. But a hot meal, shared or even just delivered, is a very nice thing. I would know. It would be nice to do that once a month, or every other month, something like that. When my mom visits I may try to learn how she does homemade egg noodles. The noodles are often thicker, almost on the order of dumplings, but yet definitely not, definitely noodles. They just bring that to mind. My mother has made beef and chicken type soups, or more like stews. Though almost any meat would probably do. That I would have to practice though. Still, a good solid beef chuck roast, goose, or even a couple of roasted chickens wouldn't be too bad, with fixings. The great thing about roasting is you can add the veggies right in. Mashed potatoes wouldn't be bad either, I found that I could peel and dice five pounds of potatoes in no time. Baking potatoes while roasting a meat doesn't always work very well. Just some thoughts.
Facilities Maintenance Photography
over and over thinking, no way can it be that easy but it was. The only problem I had was trying to protect my floors from all the spray adhesive. I need to square it up in the morning, attach the binding then make a label and call it done. The downstairs is covered in minky fuzz, lots of dusting, vacuuming and mopping will be going on after I enjoy my free day. I feel like a kid who just found out they are having a snow day off from school!!
UPPER BACK STRENGTHENING EXERCISES
Paper Plus' Group Marketing Manager, Lyle Hastings says he has been astounded by the success of the books and is committed to getting as many books out to those fans that cannot get them from their local public library.
Murray's qualifies as a serious cheese vendor. Their selection is extensive and mind-boggling, a feast of the senses.
beneficial ownership of Uniphoenix Corporation shares.
Mummers and the story of St George - aided I am sure by plenty of pints of local beer!!
3. Place in oven and bake 15-20 minutes, until the white is cooked through but the yolk is still a little bit runny.
Here's a look a the new Color Collections:
Here comes another of them scientists
Jintan: Sorry, um, I’ll just go away home!
Almost all licenses invariably permit companies to reproduce sound recordings (and thereby the underlying works as well) and sell them through CD's and the like. However, unless the license permits sound recording companies to broadcast the music as well or to permit others (through sub licenses) to broadcast, they cannot do so. And if they cannot do so, neither can FM stations, merely because they pay license fees to sound recording companies (or to PPL which collects on behalf of most sound recording companies). Two sets of rights are implicated, as I mention in this article here.
And from heavenly sky’s
I can hear the sound of a piano, in the dead of this night
Be on the lookout for a great GiVeAwaY for May. It's going to be awesome . . .
Students in JOMC 457, Advanced Editing, are writing guest posts for this blog this semester. This is the 10th of those posts. Miranda Murray is a junior majoring in editing and graphic design at UNC-Chapel Hill. She will work for Media General in Richmond, Va., this summer.
As for the food - we weren't about to waste a course on salads, so we both went for the Clam Chowder. This soup really highlighted how different Lindyhopper and I are (and still able to be friends for this long - love it!) - we both noted how there were "so many clams" in the soup, but for Lindyhopper this really meant "too many clams" while for me that's what made the soup wonderful (are you crazy Lindyhopper? You can never have too many clams!)
Scallops cooked in the shell with chorizo, cherry toms and red onion
So even though my father is not living at home with my mother any longer and the day-to-day issues of supervision and physical assistance have been eliminated, she still seems to have much on her plate. Not only the visits, but now she is fully in charge of having to take care of everything else as well. The finances, cars, house, etc.
I don't care. Shoot him again.
I'm not going to do that. And I'm probably not going to go to your website to read pages. When an agent asks for the first N to N+1 pages in a query, you have to paste them in the email. NOT include a URL.
We will never “fail” in this life because this life is not anywhere near what we are in eternity. Detach from the body, discover who resides within and nothing in human experience will ever be able to take from you anything that actually does matter.
family willing to watch whiney + sick babies is wonderful.
Time of Day: Morning, Sunrise
Agent Zicara is determined to discover who Mancuso is and figure out the the hell Russo's problem is as he tries to win her over.
(Picture mine. Okay, it might look seriously scary at first, but it really does represent how it felt — like I was walking away from her and her bloodied mess of a life because it had hurt me so badly and I couldn’t take any more… but she was still there, needing help, on the ground, but I couldn’t make myself turn back)
and a board member of the Jesuits’ Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
I thought I would share with you my different hauls. There were just too many little items to post them one by one. If you have a question about something I will be more than glad to answer. So anyway, I hope you enjoy looking!
Early packaging was in returnable bottles, a popular move in the conscious community of Chico. When they wanted to expand outside of Chico another method was needed. The “Heritage” bottle was chosen because all of the other designs available then were proprietary. Kegging began when they acquired some of A-B's old bung-sided Golden Gate kegs for $15 each.
Betty bought along another 2 Quilts of Love for the Selengor Hospital, she is also working on pieces of Hardanger, "Oh just using up some leftovers" she airily told me........have you ever done Hardanger?...it doesn't start with Hard for no reason!
I think I'll go now and finish that tinfoil hat I was working on.
Protects itself from us,
ONCE UPON A TIME, a little boy with a big sword went into battle against Mister Rogers. Or maybe, if the truth be told, Mister Rogers went into battle against a little boy with a big sword, for Mister Rogers didn’t like the big sword. It was one of those swords that really isn’t a sword at all; it was a big plastic contraption with lights and sound effects, and it was the kind of sword used in defense of the universe by the heroes of the television shows that the little boy liked to watch. The little boy with the big sword did not watch Mister Rogers. In fact, the little boy with the big sword didn’t know who Mister Rogers was, and so when Mister Rogers knelt down in front of him, the little boy with the big sword looked past him and through him, and when Mister Rogers said, “Oh, my; that’s a big sword you have,” the boy didn’t answer, and finally his mother got embarrassed and said, “Oh, honey, c’mon, that’s Mister Rogers,” and felt his head for fever. Of course, she knew who Mister Rogers was, because she had grown up with him, and she knew that he was good for her son, and so now, with her little boy zombie-eyed under his blond bangs, she apologized, saying to Mister Rogers that she knew he was in a rush and that she knew he was here in Penn Station taping his program and that her son usually wasn’t like this, he was probably just tired …. Except that Mister Rogers wasn’t going anywhere. Yes, sure, he was taping, and right there, in Penn Station in New York City, were throngs of other children wiggling in wait for him, but right now his patient gray eyes were fixed on the little boy with the big sword, and so he stayed there, on one knee, until the little boy’s eyes finally focused on Mister Rogers, and he said, “It’s not a sword; it’s a death ray.” A death ray! Oh, honey, Mommy knew you could do it …. And so now, encouraged, Mommy said, “Do you want to give Mister Rogers a hug, honey?” But the boy was shaking his head no, and Mister Rogers was sneaking his face past the big sword and the armor of the little boy’s eyes and whispering something in his ear–something that, while not changing his mind about the hug, made the little boy look at Mister Rogers in a new way, with the eyes of a child at last, and nod his head yes.
I'm turning forty this week. I've been told, it's a big one; I should have a huge celebration; 40 is the new 30; I don't look a day over 29.
Guess what!? You know the cute onesies and pants I wrote about from H&M that I couldn’t find in newborn size? Well, I did finally find them in newborn size and I also found matching hats and socks! First time I saw this set I knew it was the perfect take home outfit for baby, I just fell inlove!
It felt a bit like meditation. Whereas most of the time with meditation you go as far away from people and noise as possible, and you close your eyes. This was like the flip-side of the same coin in a way. With my eyes open, surrounded by crowds I was having a similar feeling of awareness, of self, of place and time, and concurrently at the complete irrelevance and absence of all of that. How it’s all just a continuation of motion, flow, little droplets of life foaming up against rocks and sand. Everyone seeing everybody else’s mistakes and not their own. Pretty girls spending their looks and youth on their jobs working in the make up aisles selling stolen dreams and aromatic white lies.
Shark Man talks fast, barely taking a breath, and flashing that shark grin at me. “Wednesday, then.”
Another group of men also attacked Mrs Patterson's youngest daugher Suzanne, 33 who was working on her computer on the second floor of the mission house.
The stadium decision comes after local media reported last month that FIFA had a back-up plan for the World Cup if South Africa did not meet its requirements, raising concerns the country might not stage the event due to construction delays.
One of the problems facing the small business operator today, nudist or not, is knowing which way to turn with branding and marketing. Frankly, there is too much information available. What’s my solution? More information, of course! But here’s the difference: I’m going to share with you some insights into branding, marketing, business communications, graphics and Web design that have their foundation in something we know, love and share: nudism. You are reading the first in what will be a series of posts, and perhaps even an e-book, showing how you can “Use the Lessons of Nudism to Shamelessly Build Your Brand and Market Your Business (in an Age of Exposure and Transparency).”
We need effective government to regulate markets and protect those of us who don't have the time or expertise to figure it all out. We've had effective regulation in the past, and we can have it again. It's not, really, a matter of brain-power; it's a matter of balls.
The thing about chemicals is that they are genuinely healthy. On a basic level food preservatives extend human life rather than reduce it by the simple act of reducing food poisoning caused by rotten food. All the organic hippy health nuts basically are wrong. Human longevity has been increasing all the time food production has been industrialised and chemical food additives have been used. These chemicals go through testing and pass safety tests natural ingredients would fail. Most people over the age of 60 are alive because of a diet of unnatural chemicals prescribed by doctors to thin blood, reduce cholesterol and regulate the functioning of organs. In short if it’s got an E number it’s good for you. Organic vegans beware; you are going to die early.
And of course I'm going to finish the post with a picture of my lovely friends:
There is clearly something adrift with my camera and honestly, I have not shot all this in soft focus! The large dark dog-poop looking thing in the middle is two aubergines. The jar of garlic and ginger I can commend to the house - we use it in everything. Please don't look at the colour of the chili. Just let's say that the expiry date was in Roman numerals.
That kind of put a downer on my day. I was at the ER for about 7 hours getting IV fluids, torodal (for pain), zofran and protonics (for nausea) and of course a little Tylenol for the fever. I'm home now still trying to recover. I'm honestly not sure how much more my body can take. It seems like one illness after the next. It's not good for my family and not at all good for my job.
4. Captain Hammer, AKA Nathan Fillion. Mal/Caleb/Captain Hammer/whatever. He's awesome, and Captain Hammer is hilarious. (see below)
2 faster
However, it was not just Lee Jasper, he and not even cleared his desk before the black organisations and public sector serving black and ethnic firms were complaining about this “racist” investigation and claiming that it should not have happened, because it might have a detrimental effect on the public perception of black and ethnic organisations. In effect what they were saying was that back organisations should be exempt from scrutiny or questions about malpractice or dishonesty because to do otherwise is ........ racist. Once again they were evoking the safe word in the hope that we will shut up and not ask questions.
Team wise and aside from the keeper issue Kenny appears to have few problems particularly as Agger and Johnson returned from injury on Tuesday. Maxi, after his two goals on Tuesday, should be in contention however I suspect he was bought so other players could rest? Elsewhere apparently JW Henry is unavailable he’s gone to Boston to watch the rounders, a prior engagement or a statement about where the FA Cup lies in his priorities?
Getting to the good part is what it is...a journey. By good part I refer to living our best life by being our best us (that is "best you" and "best me")...everyday. In my head I hear "Everyday ? Are You Kidding?"
Malaysia paid RM6.7 billion in 2009 for the two Scorpene submarines — Picture courtesy of shaktiraj25.blogspot.com
LED consumes 50% less energy than traditional sources. It is four times more energy efficient than regular incandescent lamps, since a larger part of the energy is converted into light than is lost as heat. There is no use of glass or filament in these kinds of lights as compared to normal lights; hence it has a phenomenally longer lifespan with average life of 50,000 to 80,000 hours. LED light not only reduces the electricity bills but also improves the quality of working conditions at commercial establishments and offices.
I know that I have been MIA for a few days.
Doesn't that sound great?!
I told myself if I divorced Patrick I could have a child with this other man.
So what we do now...We are on a regiment of both medications 3x/day. We have our routine down and it's easy. I have to watch her closely because she is at risk for infections of the colon and could also flip to being constipated at some point. I do not know if this is something that she will have to do the rest of her life....they couldn't tell me. We feel very blessed to have had a situation that was resolved so easily and painlessly. However, it wouldn't have mattered. We would do whatever we needed to...she's ours...and that's what you do.
our cleverness hard and unkind.
Wolfgang, Angelika and Peter -
In the back of my mind I had a rug for the third-floor bedroom in mind -- something to go under that squeaky iron bed from which Sukie has the habit of letting her book drop as she falls asleep! (My room is directly beneath!)
Do you Pursuit freedom in your life?
Who next? Oh Man City at home with Carlos Tevez back…
It soon became apparent that there would be no survivors to the massacre. My search of the city only brought more dead, and even more questions, but few answers. Most had obvious sword and axe wounds, or heads crushed by hammer, but some had claw marks across the throat and torso. Something far worse than simple armed soldiers stalked the city.
He finally said at one point, “This place gives me lots of emotion” and he meant more that he gets emotional up there, in the Skies of Catalonia – Montserrat’s other, well desreved name.
Although components of urine are extracted to create a number of topical creams and fertility drugs, the drinking of urine is not generally accepted by the Western medical establishment.
We've dubbed our trekking group Team Yeti and I've become quite close with everyone we're hiking with - especially the ladies. Charlie & Jenny are the mom and daughter team from England. We like to go through the Glamour they brought with them and pick out our favorite styles while describing what we look like 'in real life'. Sharon is the only other American in the group and works for herself as a physical therapist. One day after a long and steep downhill hike she worked her magic on my knees and I was fine for the rest of the trek. We all like to give her a hard time for the amount of vitamins she takes every morning. We're all having a good time together.
.... I've spilled my tea again. I'd better go before it gets onto my computer *sigh* *Taylamatay problems* :P
and that we can create our own agendas…
Red, White & Blue Berry Trifle
But Bill has a disability of his own: He’s a vampire with a bad reputation. He hangs with a seriously creepy crowd, all suspected of – big surprise – murder. And when one of Sookie’s coworkers is killed, she fears she’s next…
Time to show off your Mother's Day Cards. The Cricut Cardz Challenge made it easy this week. Use any Cricut Cartridge and any color to make a Mother's Day Card. How easy is that?
Great excerpt! Word count: 409. What car would you like to take for a spin out of the Indie Garage today, Amy?
As someone who, even now, still considers himself a student of cinema (and film criticism) rather than an authority on the art form by any means, Wood's explication of the role of a film critic especially resonates with me. I am only one voice, and I can only bring my own personal experiences and emotional makeup to bear on assessing the value of a work of art. Whether my voice is of any value to anyone is, I guess, up to the individual.
Armed with this data, White and Rosato began building a matrixed volunteer management program that that views volunteers through multiple lenses, all interconnected and each with different benefits. To ensure the most capable and committed volunteers and balance the needs and objectives of both the volunteers and Lawrence Hall, the team is reviewing volunteer position descriptions and considering a more comprehensive use of existing volunteer management software to ensure the best match between talent and function and accurate tracking of hours for improved planning. They are updating a handbook that will help to standardize volunteer management policies and procedures throughout the organization and establish a targeted recruitment plan to ensure an ongoing source of the varied skills and talents needed throughout the year.
And then revive anew?
The stories are wonderfully offbeat and the style is pulpy and breathless. There are various malevolent figures working for the German Empire who seem to be inspired by fictional diabolical criminal masterminds such as Dr Fu Manchu. In fact the tone is a bit like Sax Rohmer’s Fu Manchu stories but with more technology and more science, albeit weird fringe science. A cross between the Fu Manchu books and Buck Rogers.
Ann reached for Chris’s hand, and he reached back. Their hands clicked together like puzzle pieces. Donna watched as Chris and Ann walked into another room. She saw no light, but she saw a door close. That was the last she would never see of her husband.
“Now, do you see what I can do?” said the Voice. “Defy me and you will die the Eternal Death.”
TONE: Think the bad guys from every Scooby Doo episode.
And whilst there are no more ECP:Challenges, don't forget to check out all our lovely DT's blogs using the links on the right. So many of them are involved with other projects and you'll soon be inspired!
This swim: 17 lengths!!! AH!
UN55C8000 Samsung 55<U+2033> LED 3D HDTV – Review
The first thing that the Collins touched on was his second year guard Evan Turner. The Ohio State standout is expected to play a bigger role for the Sixers this season and his work throughout the summer could go a long way toward the Sixers taking another step. One way that Collins believes Turner can help is to develop and sustain his mid range game.
The illustrations are cuter than pie.
Brigid"
For further information please contact:
It's been a busy week. Okay, fortnight. One of those times when my every minute seems so caught up that I haven't stopped to reflect decently.
I do not rejoice that I am lucky enough to posses $8 while 1.4 billion people live below the poverty line, instead this figure is like a lingering symbol of the realisation that I am painfully trapped under the support of my parents. That I am hopelessly, cripplingly, broke. And on top of this, how the hell do you even get 1 cent in your bank account in the first place! How ridiculous! It’s like the money is mocking me with the obviously unattainable 1cent in our 5 cent limited monetary system. It’s whispering to me in my dreams that even the embarrassingly tiny figure in my account has to be rounded down.
<U+306F><U+3061>:<U+4F55><U+8AAD><U+3093><U+3067><U+308B><U+306E><U+FF1F>
And I've been in my own prison of sorts - paralyzed by dread and anxiety as I awaited the verdict at every convoluted step. I think that the French have a certain affinity towards torture-through-bureaucracy, as if all my waiting and document gathering and xerox copying and line standing and number taking and stamp buying and phone calling (to phones that are never answered) builds character. If that's the case, then I could start a shop and make a fortune selling all my extra character. I might as well sell it, since I've become a twitching, drooling mess and couldn't use all that character if I tried.
especially about getting candy!
Imtithal: Don’t you dare make fun of my sensitivity! At least I care about things!
My head was down and I got a burning feeling in my chest.
”You open the floodgate, which, as you see in Australia, is one you can’t stop,” Mr Key said.
Recent stories about Republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum kept mentioning that one of his cardinal sins, according to competing candidates, is that he once cast a vote in favor of Congressional funds supporting the Sparta Teapot Museum in North Carolina.
Thermals in summer?
Like many of the comment's on the original post, I too have felt that I could not be open about talking about my children's giftedness. If you are reading this blog, then I am assuming you either "get" giftedness or have an open mind. But out in the "real world", not everyone is like this. They assume:
So today my roommates Natalie, Katie N., and Susanna graduated from Wheaton College!!
For the past year, everyone around me has been going on and on about the series The Big Bang Theory. My students tried to convince me of its merits many times even going as far as making me watch a few episodes with them. I had to admit, it cracked me up. I even watched the episodes that were offered for viewing on my flight this past April. Finally, with nothing better to do with my time, I decided to do a proper viewing of the series starting with the first episode. Thanks to my friend Emily giving me all the episodes, I didn't even have to deal with searching for and streaming the episodes myself.
Styrofoam pumpkins or gourds
The site is already being used by Travellers who have been there for well over a year but the site could now become a permanent and official fixture.
2.) “Lights Down”
Oh, and just to warn you. This project is going as slow as molasses. And we have already had several rabbit trails that we have gone off on on other projects, but that is for another day! I hope one day (hopefully by the time Karen's Party this summer) to be at least somewhat ready to show it off, but then again who knows with the way our life goes!! I am wanting to enjoy the process and not get caught up in a deadline.......
Additionally, retailers sometimes change their advance promotion plans or announce late additions, so for example your chick lit novel could be bumped from April to July because the Sales department reckons there’s a good chance that Waterstones will put it in chick lit three-for-two they are planning that month. Various factors make publishers reluctant to shift a pub date – for example, the book may already have appeared in the publisher’s catalogue – but the prospect of a significant boost to sales will win out every time.
Mary Black ... Betty
There is corruption in which officers get money for not enforcing the law, or officers breaking the law to get people charged, he said.
<U+2015> Dave Ramsey
- All the kids had whooping cough. Sian ended up in hospital with complications and pneumonia.
To The One Who Made Me Feel, as much as I am angry at you for all the hurt inside I have to say Thank You for pushing me away, for being the one who made me break the viscious cycle I have been in the past 10 years. Boy were we fuckintastic together - well in good times at least. These tears are for the beautiful moments we shared as equals- something I realise I never had with the Other Ones. With you I lived & experienced many firsts ( and definitely lasts thankyouverymuch!). A particular first - Heartbreak. Now I know how it feels- finally I am being stabbed not stabbing. My heart being stomped on, not me stomping away. (please let this be the last!). Ohh the pain! *clutches heart in over dramatic manner* But you know what? Im actually happy that I got to feel how it feels like- to be able to say that hey, I survived a break up k! (damn they should make "Heartbreak Survivor" paraphernalia! I'd get a sticker and stick in on my cargo bag!).
He would die and never know the reason for his execution. It had not seemed stupid at the time, to leave his cell phone on his desk. If he had it, there might be time for security to save him. There was no way he could reach the fire alarm before being shot. This was it then; after examining his options there was nothing he could do. It was impossible to disappear into thin air.
Routes: If you're trying to get to Fells Point from downtown, you should seek out the #10 bus line, which drops you off at the Broadway Market at Broadway and Eastern, three short blocks from Max's and less than that for Alexander's, etc. The #11 route also stops in Fells Point at Broadway and Aliceanna. Bus routes 7, 11, and 13 will get you to various points around Canton, with varying success depending on your origin and exact destination. Routes 1 and 64 will get you to Federal Hill, with the former also getting you to Locust Point. Several routes will get you between downtown and Mount Vernon/Station North/Penn Station, including the 3, 11, and 64; simply remember that Charles Street is one-way northbound and the streets to either side east and west (St. Paul and Maryland/Cathedral/Light) are one-way southbound. Light Rail can get you from downtown or Glen Burnie to the Timonium Fairgrounds on Saturday the 8th for the Oktoberfest; it will get you from the north and south to Pratt Street Ale House for the Real Ale Fest on the 15th.
Er, Bridget’s been in over her head since the bloody show started and she foolishly reunited with Siobhan but in terms of the naff Ponzi scheme plot, er not so much. This episode tried to give Andrew a bit more facets as a character and sadly, it didn’t succeed all that well for it.
Appearing on Fox News early Friday morning, Rivera conceded that George Zimmerman, the neighborhood watch captain who shot Martin, should be investigated, but he urged black and Latino parents to not allow their children to wear hooded sweatshirts.
Whitethroats, grasshopper warblers and willow warblers are now much more the order of the day, along with the occasional short-eared owl hunting for voles and mice. Of course as we are now re-introducing both grazing and scrub removal on the site, we will see a gradual change in the structure and composition of the grasslands. We will ensure that a balance of habitat is maintained, but of course there will be winners and losers, for both the birds, plants and invertebrates. The key will be keeping an eye on changes and being flexible in our management – and of course not trying to do things too quickly. The grasslands as they are now have taken 10-20 years to change from what was once well grazed pasture, and over that time the wildlife gradually changed with it. Perhaps we are looking at a similar length of time to move things back in the other direction while allowing the wildlife a chance to adapt with us. As conservationists we often want to make things happen immediately – but good things can happen to those who wait!
When I left my fiance a few years ago, I went through some rough times. It was a period of time when I had the unfortunate experience of learning who my true friends were. It was hurtful when some friends that I thought were true friends, turned against me. Logically, I know that these "friends" were never true friends to begin with...but it still hurt. I came out of the whole experience stronger though, and secure in knowing who I could always count on in my life. Anna is one of the people who stuck by me. She let me know, in every possible way that she could, that she would always be there for me, and she would always be my friend. She never judged me. She never waivered her opinion about the entire situation. She just stuck by me like any true best friend would do. Anna was the definition of loyalty. I've never met anyone else who could even come close to the amount of loyalty that Anna showed her friends. I think part of what is so hard right now is that I always knew that she would be there and that I could always count on her. But now if I need her, she isn't there and I can't wrap my mind around that fact just yet.
she gives good head like everyday
That’s right, we’ve decided to do a little cross promotion – give everyone who is already familiar with one of the authors involved in these different books a chance to see some new stuff which is kinda-sorta connected. And the best thing is, that it is all FREE!
The elites try to change our thinking by changing our vocabulary: the British government guidelines to the media suggesting certain words about non-white crime be replaced. The words to be suppressed included “immigrant,” “illegal immigrant,” “illegal asylum seeker,” “bogus asylum seeker,” “non-white,” “non-Christian,” “mixed race,” “half-caste,” “mulatto.” There is the substitution of euphemistic terms for those that reflect reality as in the official designation of “Anti-Islamic activity” for Muslim terrorists.
“But what then?”
As the name suggests, the major part of the job of MP is sitting in Parliament, specifically the House of Commons. Parliament are responsible for designing new laws. The new law will be proposed, then read out in the House of Commons, where the MPs debate on it until they are happy. The MPs all vote on it, and if it passes it gets sent on to the next stage in the law-making process. That’s a topic all of its own, so I won’t expand here.
Which was nice
The tracker rolled his pack off of his shoulders and reached inside for his first aid kit.
And I just think it is a lot of fun to get random, surprise fruits and veggies, to learn to incorporate into our meals!
Gianni is married with an adult daughter who has a slacker boyfriend. He and his wife are on at least friendly terms – you know – she’s still in the workforce, and Gianni does the household stuff. For her, the candle has gone out – at least as far as Gianni and his and her love life. They live equitably in the same apartment – but with separate bedrooms.
Yes. I know Vida Vegan Con has been over for about 2 weeks now. This update is way later than intended because life has been extremely busy over here with school. Also, my pics aren't the greatest because I forgot my camera almost all the time (3 out of the 4 days). But some fun was had. Oh, yes! So about Portland...
4. Papa Shirandula / Inspekta Mwala / Tahidi Highs
In the late winter/early spring of this year things got dramatically worse. C told me that he was having a lot of trouble in class because of kids chewing gum or snacking around him. He could not stand to hear his father or sister chew anything at all, ever. He described the feelings these sounds engendered in him -- terror, rage, panic, a feeling like he was going to die, an urge to do violence to the offender. C has seen a number of occupational and behavioral therapists over the years for his Asperger Syndrome but we were between therapists at the time -- the ones we really liked no longer accepted our insurance, and the ones on our provider list were ones that C did not like and with whom he would not cooperate, rendering any attempt at therapy useless. We didn't know whom to call or what to do.
Tamarind extract – 1 tablespoon
I see a steadfast strength in these women. It is silent. They do not talk about the sacrifices they will willingly make for their family or community. It is visible in their entire being. I see it in their eyes. These eyes are not shaded by any grandiose misconceptions. They are eyes that have lived a harsh reality.
Test on Sundays:
Confidential State Policy may seem like an oxymoron, but readers will be aware of the reluctance of the Education Facilities Company Limited to publish its new Confidentiality Policy. I don’t want to say refusal, but when this budget season is over we will be continuing to examine those EFCL operations.
Community: Equality Issues (There’s so much happening this week in the wake of John Piper’s remarks that I thought it deserved its own category.)
This post is a (possibly boring) musing about the ways that I keep myself organized for creating the weekend tests (a.k.a. reassessments). I thought I would write it anyway, though, in case it (a) helps someone else get an idea for making their own work/system more manageable and/or (b) someone reading it has (and shares) suggestions that could help me do this process in a better way.
Now the fabrication is damaging not just me, but other people. Kevin was a friend of my sister and her husband, and he had indeed worked at the farm. However, this was a couple of years previously and he’d been married at the time. We saw each other a couple of times long after he’d left the farm and long after he’d got divorced. This single sentence makes it appear that, again, I was dating a married man.
I simply rubbed the crayons over the rubber stamp directly, misted it with water and stamped it directly onto the cardstock. It looks like the flowers have been water coloured. Love the soft and subtle effects.
6. (C) Meles said that the Ethiopian National Defense Forces (ENDF) strategy would be to push the CIC back to Mogadishu, the only place where the radical Islamic ideology is entrenched. The longer the delay in pushing back the CIC, the greater the range of conversion. For now, however, the only area where they are entrenched is Mogadishu. The best case scenario, according to Meles, is that the businessmen and other pragmatic elements in Mogadishu would split if the CIC were bottled up in Mogadishu. This would allow dialogue with the TFG and moderate CIC elements to move forward. "Right now, the Jihadists would have to be stupid to dialogue with a weakened and surrounded TFG. Their objective is only to legitimize themselves so they can take power," Meles stated. Meles recalled that although the TPLF and other rebels wanted the USG on their side when they were about to defeat Ethiopia’s former Derg regime, they saw no reason to negotiate power sharing when it was evident to the rebels that they could completely defeat the Derg. Meles warned that the international community should not bank on dialogue at this point when the CIC is sure that victory is at hand. One of the reasons the Arab League is biased toward the CIC is
It’s time ‘THEY’ and the Liberal/RINO lawmakers are all VOTED out of office this November, 2012!! Save America now in 2012!!
Will buyers be negatively influenced by one of your neighbors? Or are you the naughty/colorblind neighbor?
“Be a good bird Angelina,” Jack said while letting her jump to a perch above Tanners’ pillow bed. For added insurance, he attached a safety leash to one of her legs to prevent any further conflict with his new bride. For all the wild commotion, Jack was impressed that the dog, while awake, had looked on oblivious to it all, a testament to how smashed Tanner was and how much he was use to Angelina’s possessive fits.
- In a small bowl, whisk together egg yolk and cream; set egg wash aside. Divide the bluberry/lemon filling equally among the pastry squares, placing it in the center. Brush the edges with egg wash. Fold dough diagonally over filling to form a triangle, and press to seal. If desired, crimp the edges using the floured tines of a fork. Place filled turnovers on a baking sheet, cover with plastic wrap, and freeze until firm, 20 to 30 minutes.
Each week will stay the same from month to month; when there is a fifth week in a month, the last week will be an extra week to participate for challenge 4. Another exciting change is that the design team has been split into 2 groups. Group 1 will be creating projects for the first and third weeks, and group 2 will have the second and fourth. Here's the breakdown of the teams:
After discussing my soft stools (thanks, Mom, SO embarrassing), and the few accidents I’ve had around the house, the vet believes the stool issue is due to my tummy not fully adjusting to the insulin and the new diet, so she gave my mom these pro-biotics called FortiFlora. They will make my tummy better and make me more “regular.” Mom put some on my breakfast this morning and it was pretty tasty. Sammy tried to get some, as she always does when there’s something new, and I swatted her.
Which BBC television series featured Emma Milne as a newly qualified vet?
You might also enjoy these spaghetti squash recipes:
you're swamped with a LONG to do list and you get sick! Because I do!!
For making it clean again!
"Live Life: The Daydreamer’s Journal has over 150 authors and artists from 22 different countries contributing. Some of the contributors include Rita Dove and Marv Wolfman. Rita Dove is an award winning poet and former United States Poet Laureate. Marv Wolfman is an award winning comic book writer, who created the series Blade for Marvel comics and The New Teen Titans for DC comics. Other award winning authors include: Gwyneth Jones, David Brin, Judith Skillman, and Marilyn L. Taylor."
Keep an eye out for the winner. I'll post it here and on my FB page.
Azazi, had at the South-South Economic Summit on Friday, said the PDP’s brand of politics, especially the way it picked its candidates for elections, was partly responsible for the Boko Haram problem.
The Liebster Blog Award is used to show appreciation of smaller blogs (under 200 followers) and to help spread readership and joy! As part of the tradition, This award is passed along to five other blogs that have motivated and inspired me in such great ways!
I don’t remember this complete film and only checked it at high speed. There is also a peeing scene of a boy in tighty whities where a teen boy and girl coming into the bathroom.
Walking into Goodwill
For a Premium Rush tell The Dictator on the Battleship just What to Expect When You’re Expecting to see The Apparition haunting The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel. After all, you’ve got ParaNorman and Magic Mike exorcising The Possession and no Dark Shadows will faze Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter in the Cold Light of Day.
SAFCEI 7 March 2012.
The main characters Maddy and Queenie are just so amazing. I loved their strength and their frailty, I loved their stiff upper lip and their personality, but most of all I loved their friendship. It is just the best and most beautiful friendship ever. I hope that if it ever came to it I would have the courage they showed. At the end of the day these are girls that you wish you could be like. They are funny, brave, smart and they do the right thing no matter what. Yet they never come across as perfect, or arrogant, or as Mary Sues.
So, here's what's up for elimination.
* 1 cup sour cream (I used fat free)
After Anna died, I wrote this. And everything that I wrote there still holds true. Anna was such a genuinely GOOD person, and a fiercely loyal friend. If you look up the definition of the word "loyal" in the dictionary, her picture should be there. Her death opened up my eyes to a lot of things, mainly the way I act and treat people. I had vowed to become a better person after losing her. I wanted to stay in touch with people more and be a better friend to people and I have to sadly say, that I didn't succeed at that goal. I know I'm not a bad person, but I didn't make much more of an effort to stay in touch with people and I had wanted to. I wasn't always there for my friends and I should have been. It makes me wonder how Anna did it so easily. Being nice and being "good" just came so naturally to her. Aside from the fact that losing any person so young is a tragedy, its also such a tragedy that the world lost a person who was so "good".
I don’t suppose that I added much when I posted this early this morning…
Below are the links to some creative bloggers I follow. Enjoy!
Jonsi: Really? Wow. It's so long since we played that song I've forgotten how it goes! I haven't heard that record in years.
Dad had dibs on the television.
Issue #1 had the "beast" variant cover, and it has since gone through four printings.
I just can't end this without exposing you to a very interesting cover version of the song, also sung by a female vocalist, but NOT with different lyrics. This one comes from Nancy Sit from Hong Kong who covered a whole bunch of American and British hits for the Chinese market back in the 1960s. She did a lot of the songs in Chinese, but she tried to tackle this one in English. But I'm not sure she actually understood the words as she sang the song!
Being a writer is mostly about developing a habit. Talk to any writer and then another and you'll find those habits are all different. Some write in the morning. Others write through the night. Some write daily. Others take breaks. But all writers have habits.
"Wilderness is not a luxury but a necessity of the human spirit, and as vital to our lives as water and good bread. A civilization which destroys what little remains of the wild, the spare, the original, is cutting itself off from its origins and betraying the principle of civilization itself."
The kingdom of heaven is like a treasure hidden in a field… Matthew 13:44
The smile upon your face
Just when you are thinking your child is growing up too fast, they do something that says I still need you mum!
Weston and members of his party have their hearts in the right place. But they're trying to square the circle. They want to accommodate themselves to a system that is essentially tyrannical while pretending to be part of a mainstream that is about anything but freedom. As they say over there, "Best of British luck to you."
I went. I saw. I screamed. What a load of tosh it was! I know the following lines will make me sound about a hundred and twenty years old. Yet, they must be said: in my days, people were just NOT allowed to send out such pointless nonsense. We used to strive to get the words, grammar and content right. And crisp. I am not saying it was all top notch. However it was never this terrible either. We had a sense of pride and satisfaction about a job done well.
(Guards enter. They surround Anwaar, blocking the audience’s view.)
California dreaming/scheming
I knew I would love it! My favorite surprise is that some of the gowns are very reasonably priced... my least favorite surprise is that some of them are not. Most run somewhere between $1000 and $2000, (not an unreasonable amount in my opinion). Then there are a couple in the $600 range, and a couple in the $5000 range.
For more information contact me at my email: bnpwell13@blumail.org
The next step I take is to list major beats and possible plotlines. I allow myself a lot of wiggle room, writing down everything I can think of, knowing that a good chunk will get weeded out. Once I have the bones of the story--the frame to fill the guts with--I'll start outlining. After several weeks of revising the outline, I'll actually start writing.
Oregon doesn’t have sales tax!
Also in the works at GIT is Madame Tussaud, a six-hour miniseries about the famous artist and business woman who survived the French Revolution. Michael Hirst (The Tudors) will executive-produce with Alan Gasmer and Sherry Marsh.
but in ways you never expected.
of my childhood days on the farm,
come to me now! I miss you so much!
So I'm driving along one night not too long ago, just minding my own business, when I see a car coming towards me moving at warp speed. As it passes me, I bang a nearly perfect power turn and go after it. I catch the car about a mile down the road and light it up. And just as I stop it, a co-worker of mine pulls up to back me up. Cool.
2) excessive use WILL kill you
We make our way to the Cafe Majestic right at the Dam Square and I order the English Breakfast and the Moreeke Beer (brewed by Beer Brewery de Koningshoeven the only Trappist Brewery in the Netherlands).
I live 2,000 miles from Mom, and I called her later that night to see how her birthday had gone. I think we were on the phone for about 2 hours, and all she could talk about was the Kitty Tube. She said she kept going outside to admire it like it was a new car, and she proclaimed more than once that it was the “Cadillac of cat houses”! So there you have it – Mom & Ms. Kitty have spoken!
I'm sure if you google "space shuttle DC monuments" you will find at least 10,000 pics. It was a sight to see! I did snap a few shots but mostly what I did was stare and cheer. The flyby was at 1500 feet. It was so close I felt I could reach up and touch it. I opened my eyes wide and took it in.
Since the first day of March,we,well,exactly,our shrewd boss has been expecting holidays’ coming,when usually increasing amount of travelers are here staying,going around and booking some tours with us.That means we may earn a great amount then!!!
Today is the day to celebrate this truth!
Finally, this song goes out to both Ambiga and Pak Lah…take it away Meja!
Labor Signs: I don't think so. Just some cramps here and there...but I don't know what that feels like yet.
There was grace and mystery in her attitude as if she were a symbol of something. He asked himself what is a woman standing on the stairs in the shadow, listening to distant music, a symbol of. If he were a painter he would paint her in that attitude. Her blue felt hat would show off the bronze of her hair against the darkness and the dark panels of her skirt would show off the light ones. Distant Music he would call the picture if he were a painter.Gabriel is the central character in this story, and for most of it he's self-important and self-conscious, unable to connect deeply with other people and step into their shoes. The scene I've just described takes place at the end of a long dinner and music party at his aunts' house. Earlier he gave a speech at their table, a task he took to with relish, nervousness and condescension. Gabriel likes to be at the head of a table, particularly if everyone recognizes that he belongs there, carving the roast and bestowing wit and eloquence on the less cultured guests.
- LeAnne, Suisun, CA, USA, 01/3/2012 16:21
This month the lovely and very busy mamma Jac from Tinned Tomatoes and I have teamed up to bring you a double-headed challenge whammy... Random Recipes does No Crouton's Required!
A word had fallen from the sky Ronald Nixon
Husband and I went to H&R Block yesterday to get our taxes done. I can't say enough good things about the Block, they were so helpful and nice! Our taxes were a bit of a mess as I worked three different jobs last year and therefore had three w-2's (what a pain in the a*#!). Doing them on our own we calculated that we would owe Uncle Sam close to $500 but once the Block did the taxes we only owed $172. That is quite a difference!
17 skirts
A couple of questions remain. For instance, since Leibowitz was actively associated with terrorists, how did he get a job as an FBI translator? Was it because he was already a US asset while he was still in Israel? It's pretty safe to assume he was.
Inevitably, the changes I am making even though they are very tiny on a global scale are actually making a difference in the world. This is a good feeling. However, my energy consumption and efficiency are not so much related to my phone and stove as they are my refrigerator.
The text from the 7th-10th verses of Chapter 14 of Surya Siddhanta becomes extremely relevant to establishing the tropical zodiac as correct in an Indian context. Here is some of that discussion:
To the families who have been affected by the loss of their loved one(s) due to 9/11 or the Iraqi war:
I had been working for my previous company for 4 years and it was my saving grace. The two men I had worked for gave me the big break I needed to finish school & get my bachelor’s in Math. They let me go to school in the morning and let me come there to work in the afternoon. They didn’t care that I only came in for 2-3 hours, all they cared about it is that I finished school. The job was 5 minutes from my parent’s house, and I was lucky enough to be able to save enough money over the 4 years to put a down payment on my lil condo. It was great, but I knew one day I would leave the comfort of
Spellbinders Grand Labels 4, ODBD Custom Die Elegant Ovals, paper flowers, Prima Burlap leaves, Toffee colored seam binding, Glimmer Mist in Pearl, lots of lace from my stash, Prima rhinestone flourish, handmade charm, Cheery Lynn Designs Exotic Butterflies Small, Tim Holtz ticket pins
i used tattered angels "fanciful screens" and "frost" glimmer mist to create my background paper. the zig-zag red frame is meant to represent the square windows on the inspirational photo.
The first approach leads to big, frowning books by the likes of Tom Devine and Michael Fry. The latter results in small, cheerful books such as Scotland: 1,000 Things You Need to Know, Edwin Moore’s valiant attempt to navigate the more trivial contours of enlightenment and clearances, crown and parliament, dirt and deity.
My love to Anna and Myles and Mason and Ledia.
- Thanks to reader John, who passed this one along: Interlink, who are leaving their current space to make way for the new Pulp & Bean across Eastern Parkway, have found another space just a little further south on Franklin, which keeps their translation and legal services in the neighborhood for those who need them.
‘Terrible as an army with banners’,
Gritting his teeth for the charge he knows will follow, he focuses the energies around him into a glowing orb in his mind, and forces it into being above the creature. He lowers it, the invisible sphere surrounding it totally, completely.
Ernest Hemingway was once challenged to write a story in six words. The result: “For sale: baby shoes, never used.” Rumor has it that Hemingway regarded it as his greatest work. Stirred by this masterwork, the editors of BlackBook asked 25 of today’s most renowned writers to offer their own original six-word stories. Some offered more than 10 narratives in less than an hour’s time, while others took weeks to labor over each of their six words. In spite of its economy, the collection delivers the same humor, drama, irony, and suspense found in literature’s lengthier tomes.
I don't know what ever happened to him,we stopped seeing him when the cafe closed down.
Somewhere ages and ages hence:
According to the Association of Chief Police Officers, metal theft is estimated to cost the UK economy £770m every year.
Busy Mama Kit
un-silenced.
I have been playing Poker now for quite awhile - well only five years but during those five years I have played maybe a million games or more and have played for 12 to 16 hours a day 7 days a week, either single table up to a max of playing four tables at once.
Me: “How are you going to use it as waxing elements?”
16. Not sure about how to varnish them yet. Varnishing is very hard to do well. I don’t know.
In a desperate attempt to catch up, our second live 'Radio Podrophenia' show is now available for download... Conveniently titled Show 18! Recorded on 7th June, Mondo and I bring you a collection of songs based around the theme of 'numbers'.
His protege Judy Collins discovered Leonard Cohen and gave him his first gig. Judy became Steven Stills lover and was the inspiration for "Suite- Judy Blue Eyes".
Plus, if my recipes are makeovers of old pre-veg favorites, then, of course, they have to have the original name in them somewhere or how will anyone know what it is I am trying to recreate in a compassionate, cruelty-free way? If I call my recipe Chickpea Salad and not Chickpea “Tuna” Salad, then how will anyone know I am attempting to recreate the tuna fish salad and sandwiches that many people, including myself, loved before becoming vegetarian or Vegan? Some people may feel disgusted by the thought of eating anything that reminds them of animal foods but there are many, many people, again including myself, who miss the foods they used to eat and appreciate a way to satisfy those cravings with Vegan foods that are familiar to their senses and their memories.
an individual pizza…
--This is the fastest way to mastery of all four math operations. The artificial intelligence rehearses what is needed most, at a rate that is tailored to each player.
Dalek Beach Party - Teddy Boys Picnic 2:13
Hmm… Maybe the French had the right idea after all? I really don’t know what the answer is, but this country is headed for a modern-day feudalism, run by corrupt millionaires and corporations for their own benefit, and with the needs of the people coming a very long way last.
for Jelly Roll Cake:
August 16, 2010 — George and Cindy Anthony’s attorney, Brad Conway, steps down because he disputes a Jose Baez motion claiming Conway was given unrestricted access to documents belonging to Texas EquuSearch to which he was not given the same access.
Best Music Show: Winner – Trent TV (Trent TV Base)/ Highly Commended – Spark TV (Good Weekend Festival 2011)
Potential Insights: Shows if fitness, nutrition, diet and a generally healthy lifestyle are still part of their lives. Maybe TM encouraged a sportier, fitter, more disciplined lifestyle over all.
Lower in the article:
“Each individual must find himself within himself, then must also find himself in the world about himself; his society, his community, his nation. The community must find itself within itself; then it must find itself in the world.
That is quite an achievement, even for a living legend.
Hopefully you’ll enjoy this stark, serious form of musical expression. I feel it’s some of the most direct communication music has ever made me experience and I recommend using headphones, because it begs to be listened to at really quite loud volumes. Sometimes I get the feeling the record is actually shy, feeling distant unless you push it a bit, unless you force it to take over the room. And then it crackles with electricity and heat. That’s it from me, time to get immersed in this musical medicinal alcohol…
Nor dulls
1/2 lb. fettuccine, uncooked
Casualty
Sam at the Daily Dimwit:
Your list brought tears to my eyes. You and I truly bonded after about 10 months. I’m so grateful to have you in my life. You possess equal parts humor, sweetness, kindness, and energy. My list would occupy pages and pages; I’ll continue to tell you and show you how full my heart feels every day. Happy Valentines Day my boy, I love you, too!
Bookmarked will be back in just under two weeks, time really flies, on Monday the 3rd of October for a Victorian themed evening (with two of my favourite books of 2011 and their authors) of ‘Sensational Stories’ as Jane Harris will be discussing ‘Gillespie and I’ and Carol Birch will be talking about ‘Jamrach’s Menagerie’, as well as all things Victoriana based, to say I am excited would be an understatement. I hope to see you there (if not I will report back again)!
I made a mask from one of my photocopies of the bird and attached it firmly with some weak double-sided tape. Using the chisel end of the B63 I added a faint blue around the bird, getting darker closer to the bird. Then, I added larger speckles with the brush end of the B63 and a G12 marker. By airbrushing very lightly from a brush end, you can get larger speckles than if you airbrush directly with the chisel. After I was content, I added a final touch of Opaque white to the eye and beak.
One of the things Stanley played that long-ago Sunday at the Coffee House was "My Favorite Things". There are no YT videos of him playing MFT, but here it is on Spotify.
Ugh. I'm turning TWENTY. Like, 20.
Grounding conclusions in examples was important, as the nature of the industry means that often hyperlocal practitioners feel like they are on their own. The report shows that others (often the world over) are facing many of the same problems, and that creative and innovative solutions to these challenges do exist.
I want your voice to be heard. I want to know what makes you happy, angry, confused, and sad. In short, I just want to know what you think about anything. So, tell me. Over the next few weeks I want to do a web campaign called “This is My Story.” I hope that you want to contribute. Now is your chance to share yourself with all that will listen.
Kink & Fetish
Anyway. It's now been a few months of just pure love and happiness and passion. It's unlikely to last at that level. We'll both be dead within the year. Will need to calm down. Will need to stop eating and drinking!
But back to the beginning and what this blog post is really about. I am looking forward to rediscovering a city I really knew nothing about when I left. Visiting old places I used to go to and seeing places I never knew existed. Most importantly I am jazzed to bring Burlesque to a sleepy little town that could use the cold water shock. And who knows, perhaps I will be making a blog entry from jail for indecent exposure while performing my art. :) It wouldn't be the first time a Burlesque stripper has found herself behind bars! I'm thrilled to spend more time with my sister now that I am not fighting with her like I did growing up. I am happy to spend time with my beautiful cousin after nearly 5 years since we last saw each other. I can't wait to see my brother again whom I haven't seen in many many years. There is a lot more as well that I am happy about, but we'll just stop there.
This edition is “Obama heavy” given recent events.
Overall, the results on my poll surprised me slightly, especially that the Daily Mail online’s entertainment page gained the most votes. However, due to the large number of entertainment sites that there are today, I was expecting a wide range of answers.
I’m working on two further books about Anna, following on from ‘Coping with Chloe’. I’ve also written a story about a girl called Mollie who happens to be a non-speaker. It’s called ‘The Mollie Awards’ and I’m hoping it will come out before too long.
- 1/2 c. all-purpose flour
PLAN 9 FROM OUTER SPACE (1959) first colorized and in 3-D at the San Jose Rep as part of Cinequest, then in black and white 2-D at the Roxie to end Not Necessarily Noir II. The first time was in fact the world premiere of the 3-D version, and I was there dressed as Vampira (it wasn't pretty, and no I don't have pictures). The second time was with Johnny Legend presenting a whole Ed Wood tribute (including GLEN OR GLENDA, which also could've made this list). I'm pretty sure there wasn't anything all that honorable about either screening, but damn it was fun.
I am torn.
Last night my husband stayed home with the kids so I could go out with some friends for sushi, it’s the only weekend I will have time before we move. He was glad to give me a small break because he had spent the day getting ready to leave for 6 days on a business trip. I hate it when he has to travel. He only travel a few times a year, but the kids and I miss him like crazy. I also hate it when he travels because I am the Mom and the Dad for a few days, as if being one parent isn’t hard enough.
And the melody that He gave to me, within my heart is ringing.
I think the Block & a few other lifestyle Channels we have watched together might have rubbed off don't you think?
Call it transmedia, interactive media or the indescribable next leap in entertainment, but this Culver City start-up is trying to make it.
you stare at
I hear them when the wind blows and I see them in the trees. Perfect silence. I feel them in the cuddles on the couch. I miss them. I love them.
Atlantis Resources' chief executive Tim Cornelius explained that, " The turbines turn at six to eight revolutions per minute, so are incredibly slow turning and will have zero impact on the surrounding environment." Theoretically, the turbine rotors should not harm marine animals.
The run-into-a-red-wall-of-chopsticks thing!
Yet the MDC have thus far participated in these discussions because their options are limited. Zanu-PF have refused to give up power and, under Mbeki’s protection, have committed enough murder and intimidation to “win” last month’s farcical presidential run-off in which there was only one candidate.
104 - Ross Baumgarten
Geared for ages 3-10
I had tried to hand him my Barry Canoga, Photographer business card one time. It was after he had emerged from the shower, wrapped in a white towel, water dripping off his tanned body. But he dismissed me. And told me, without saying so, to get lost.
A short time after the Council voted, the Kestenbaums sold the warehouse, which takes up an entire block, to the real estate company J.M.H. Development. Then representatives of that company, saying that the building was not an eyesore after all, announced in December that it had granted a national preservation group the right to preserve the building’s exterior in perpetuity. The warehouse is now being restored and is scheduled to open for rental tenants this summer.
I take a bag of chicken breasts. Thaw until they are easy to slice. I slice down the middle like a butterfly cut. This makes each breast thinner. It is also easier if they are still a bit on the frozen side. I put them on my broiler pan. I drizzle with olive oil and then add spices. Some nights I might choose a Mrs. Dash flavor or Cavender's. Other nights I will choose Montreal Chicken Seasoning. When my herb garden is in full swing, I might just grab some fresh herbs and use those sprinkled with some Kosher Salt. It isn't rocket science..just use the herbs that your family likes. I then bake it at 375 until done. It takes less than 30 minutes in my oven. I serve it was a large green salad. If it were on a weekend, I would make some homemade bread and a dessert to dress it up a bit...oh wait, I wouldn't serve this dish on a weekend. This is just my go to weekday meal plan!
In college I took a class on race studies. All of us white kids, we were taking the class expecting the black kids and the black teacher to tell us what it’s like to be black in America and be in those situations where there’s racism. And on the contrary, the teacher wanted us to talk about what it was like to be white in America, what it meant to be white and to really explore our identity. It was around that time that I began to really feel a spiritual pull, and an emotional pull from a lot of different directions towards Judaism. I decided, partially because of influence from that teacher and class, that I wanted to wear a yamaka. And let the outside world know that I’m Jewish rather it be a secret and something I keep to myself.
The blessings are the calm in the midst of the storm she would call her life.
In the late 19th century the paper came out against political bosses, picking fights with Brooklyn Democratic “Boss” Hugh McLaughlin, and Gravesend “Boss” John McKane. The Eagle unsuccessfully fought the movement to consolidate Brooklyn with New York City, with this warning: “If tied to New York, Brooklyn would be a Tammany suburb, to be kicked, looted and bossed.” (Brooklyn became a borough of greater New York in 1898.)
My prophecy again.
He’s opened up his mind to learn
After, Nicole & her boyfriend Simon came with me to Richard's house to meet up with Laura & Richie & Mike. I broke a statue's head off by accident. Cue mortification. Cue pacifying by Richie.
I HAVE BEEN TO A GLORIOUS LAND
I still like the price mechanism. Why not a pub smoking tax? Establishments that allow smoking would pay a per-seat premium to the state for that privilege (funds to be used to pay for education and health programs related to smoking). Further I think smoking establishments should be required to provide full health insurance benefits to all employees, even part-timers, and maybe a wage premium, too.
That little Duh statement came from the moron-in-cheif. Granted it’s more like every second, every minute. But for a moment here let’s look at the correct things he has done. Bin-Laden. Heavy use of drones. The trade agreement with S. Korea. Uh. Well there was ummm….and then there was…
All I ask is that if you are going to come out and participate you make a DONATION to my FUNDRAISING PAGE (any denomination is appreciated!) and either comment here that you are going to participate or email me and let me know.
Rickey’s redemption emerged from a crisis in which his life was on the edge of being snuffed out. But the Gospel entered into Rickey’s life in the midst of a crisis. He then realized that he had a responsibility and an honor, even a “high” that was better than drugs, that came out of sharing what he had gained with others. His sharing was not contingent on the way the message was received—not many people have just said “yes, I want that” to what Rickey has been telling them—but he understands that the responsibility and honor remains regardless of the “soil” in which the seed falls. Rickey received the message of the Gospel through hearing it from Shane, and through seeing it from Shane and his family. Then that message multiplied in Rickey and was passed on to, probably, hundreds of people even in the last 6 months. In other words, it was a multiplying message
Neither soldier nor member of the public should ever have to brush shoulders with these scum ever again. This same extremist group stand outside Don Millers bakery every Saturday recruiting and trying to convert people for there Jihad. Luton Police and the council allow this - WE WILL NOT!
We've been planning this big Oktoberfest party for over a year. Late last summer we had a long meandering conversation about having a big party in our backyard with beer and sausages on the grill and how we could finally use our outdoor firepit and how wonderful it would be to celebrate our favorite month, October. This party has been in the back of my mind since then. It's been really really big, and then a little more manageable, and now it is almost here. I'm very excited.
Sharon
His instant dance took on a new personality – even though he had rehearsed sections of the dance, it seemed to all come together once the music played. Thats what is supposed to happen… the music puts the soul into the movement.
Acting on our capacity as the international correspondent bank to the International Monetary Fund Organization, this is to officially notify you that we have received a confirmation advice from the International Monetary Funds External Auditors Committee, World Bank, United Nations Organization and the Federal Reserve Bank of America respectively via International Payment Voucher Number: IMF/FRBWDC/BOA-93WB82UN567-G requesting our bank to direct the HSBC BANK USA N.A, a subsidiary of the Federal Reserve Bank of America to disburse your due wining/inheritance and contract payment valued at Seven Million Three Hundred Thousand United States Dollars (US7.3M) in your favor via their branch in New York.
Acts 16:6-10 – Paul’s vision of the man of macedonia
Not backing down, Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili - who launched and lost a war for South Ossetia in 48 hours in August 2008 - has declared the blockade of Abkhazia, which he claims as Georgian national territory, will remain in force. And he has just appointed as defense minister a 29-year-old ex-penitentiary boss with a questionable record on human rights who wants to tighten ties to NATO.
I also find myself eliminating the guys whose preferences lean toward "athletic/toned" and "slender", because, let's be serious, like that guy's going to want me....I DON'T DO EXERCISE....I do activities, biking (when I can get motivated), dancing, walking through the park/forest/city/acreage/ocean, working in the garden, but NOT exercising....'less of course you call cooking some kind of exercise.
Iridologists maintain that the eyes reveal information about the person’s physical and emotional constitution, such as inherited weaknesses and risks to which the person may be prone. Strengths may also be revealed, including inherited emotional tendencies from which the person derives particular talents.
My band does pretty well most days, it is on the tight side and it seems to get a little worse depending on colds, heat, elevation...things such as that. I am planning to visit my surgeon next month to discuss my progress and see what he thinks about an adjustment. I do not have any reflux or issues. I still believe my biggest issue is the big bite problem. I take big bites, talk while I eat....and all of that comes from really not being in the moment and present with what I am doing. That is what multitasking all the time will get you!
There were two tricks to this recipe:
“Adjudicators should do what they are trained to do — review voluminous files to determine eligibility for disability benefits. Office of Inspector General fraud investigators should do what they are trained to do — vigorously follow up on any evidence of fraud,” said Kia S. Green, a spokeswoman for the agency.
As the lamb is being prepped, we prop up the bar and settle into a couple of cocktails. I'm all over the Freda's Bloody Mary which has a sucker punch of chilli and pepper with every mouthful. The boys behind the bar take their cocktails seriously here, mixing up pepper and celery seed infused vodka with worchester sauce, lemon juice, pink salt, tomato juice, tabasco, green olive and pickled chilli. The green olive and cherry tomato speared on a skewer makes a pleasant change from the usual celery stalk.
“There’s still time to back out,” I thought to myself, as my toes hesitantly peaked over the tiny wooden plank perched 43 meters (142 feet) above the Kawarau River in Queenstown, New Zealand. As my pulse quickened and the knots of dread in my stomach tightened, I reassured myself that this was merely a right of passage done by men and women, young and old, and with one simple dive into the canyon’s abyss, I too would join their ranks.
I've never really been one to make a lot of New Years resolutions, but this year I've been kind of inspired to make some changes in my life to be a better person. If you're the same way, then this kit is perfect for helping you document those decisions. With a beautifully soft color palette, it won't distract from any photos you choose to include, and there's also plenty of word art to keep you motivated. And speaking of word art... It's also available separately in case that's all you need to help create your "resolutionary" pages...
My sister babysat so that we could go to dinner with friends. It's been forever since we've had a dinner out without the kids, and it was really nice. We went for Turkish food and hung out for a couple of hours at a restaurant that we hadn't been to before. It was reasonably priced, and the food was excellent. The other couple have a toddler the same age as Miss M (they play together a lot), so we spent a lot of time swapping stories about the kids. I was thinking about it later, and was thinking that it is weird that I don't usually talk so much about my kids when I'm out with other friends. It took me a while to realize that this is because most of my other friends either don't have kids, or have kids who are much older and in developmentally different places. We spent a lot of time talking about the kids that night because we are both in the same place, dealing with the same stuff. It made me think about how much different our relationships with our friends at home would have been if we'd been having kids when they were having kids. It was kind of nice to be hanging out with people who are going through the same stuff. It's something I never realized we miss out on by being "older" parents. Guess we'll just have to get more young friends (or find some other geriatric new parents!).
the second I was born
years of education more effective and disrupts family life much less),
1. If there's a hop shortage -- and there is -- screw it: I am going to grab all the super-hoppy beers I want and can get. Hopheads who got all defensive when I talked about hoppy beers being simple? Pile on, I can take it. Just don't get between me and the IPA taps.
Polls open at 7am tomorrow and close at 10pm.
Me: 'Are you going to have a good night?'
He wants to help her,
Your education might be the most important investment you make in your life. Without proper training, your chances at success are greatly diminished. A proper Art college will certainly train you and equip you with the tools needed to make it big in your profession.
i just love it when things are nicely organized like this. i wish my whole house looked like this closet. i think it saves so much time and effort when you have a good system in place. if you are inspired by this project and want some more organizing projects to explore you need to visit i heart organizing. jen has TONS of great systems in place in her house. her three year old even folds his own clothes! check her out.
Hele put her arms around me in confession. “We decided to go back to Cluny for lunch. We’ve been drinking wine all afternoon. It was wonderful!!!”
So saying the two brothers put the gear in a bag and tied it to the roof beam. Next they had to take leave of their two sons.
Elise strode into the courtyard with purpose. She could do this, but her footsteps faltered as she caught sight of the parrot tulips blooming to the right of the stone bench. Jack had planted those for her last year- back when all had been right in their world. Now she wondered if anything would ever be right again.
Police believe Nally began killing the animals in January.
First, Shallee McArthur at Life, the Universe, and Writing. I recently found her blog and have been loving the open friendliness I can feel shining through her writing. Go visit. You won't be disappointed.
I am playing along using the Bingo Card that Lori provided - hopefully I can keep up the pace and get an entire row of 6 squares completed (and photographed) by Sunday evening. I think that I am off to a pretty good start though as I completed three layouts yesterday.
This week has been insanity, which didn't leave much time for anything else other than reading a few blog posts while waiting to pick my kids up from school.
Max's Fanno Creek Brew Pub Tigard Farmer's Daughter Belgian Saison Golden Strong Ale
Each decision we make throughout the episodes are said to have an impact further down the line. So for instance, if we’re particularly friendly to a certain person, they’ll remember that in the future and act upon it. It also impacts the opposite side of the spectrum too. If you’re horrible to someone, you may find yourself on the receiving end of becoming zombie meat. If you decide to sentence a certain person to death (via the tough choice) then you may find the loss of that character effects the story in different ways.
We obviously have a soft spot for the bloom, since it is in our name. Lavender is such a romantic and timeless flower and it just seemed natural to pair it with the city of romance - Paris. We envisioned a fall wedding with rustic elements like twine and weathered vintage keys in the decor. The bride would wear a lace gown with classic pearl jewelry and a vintage brooch would be pinned on her fragrant lavender bouquet. Lavender-colored accents in the china place settings, the cake, and the French macarons would tie into the theme.
Clark unknowingly uttered the single word that can send any rational woman into full on, ‘Danger Dr. Smith! Danger!”, cannot-be-reasoned-with panic mode:
Large frying pan
I live about 2.5 hours away from where the wedding was being held. My husband and I were asked to bring a few people with us in the car. (since we have a car now.. we are the unofficial taxi) We had to leave our town at 6:30 am .. to be able to arrive at the groom’s home at 9am promptly. Taking into account Chinese traffic.. we arrived in Hangzhou at 8:55am...(right on time) … when we arrived at the groom’s home… we were told via cell phone… that we needed to go to the bride’s home for the first part of the custom.
We should also pray that their executioners may come to repentance.
I had no idea what he was talking about. "Ten pesos a letter," he said impatiently.
On Friday, I was stuck in a shit section for lunch. Four tables (no booths) in an area nobody wants to sit in. Every other server had 5+ tables.... for some reason, I got screwed. Normally, I get great sections, but... c'est la vie. On top of this, I had three of my tables reserved for a party that was due to come in at 12:30 PM. So I spent the first hour of my shift twiddling my thumbs, folding napkins, and helping other servers. For my entire seven and a half hour shift, I only had one party of 13 and a 3 top. That's it. Once the party was done at 3:30 PM, management would not let me leave! Even though the entire restaurant completely died, I was held prisoner until the dinner crew came on. Here's what I accomplished:
At this point in time – now
Sadly, Eve Carson was to pay a high price for the diversity she sought to celebrate and promote, in the same week that we in Britain saw the conviction of Karl Taylor for the murder of Kate Beagley America was horrified by violent deaths of two beautiful female students, in circumstances so similar that some in the press initially speculated as to whether the two crimes were linked. One of those two young women was Eve Carson, the other was 18 year old Auburn University student Lauren Burke, both women had been shot, and both appeared to have been the victims of car-jackings.
I sat with her in the smell of the roses
Love you guys!
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not getting it from anyone here… It’s just that I’ve been thinking about stuff and well… I feel kinda lonely. It’s not anyone that’s neglecting me or what not, but I think it’s just me. I’ve kinda alienated myself from the rest of the world in my own ways, I’ve shut some things out from the world and have chosen not to voice anything out. Perhaps it’s not that I don’t wanna tell anyone about it, but it’s just that I think it’s not that big a problem to have to tell someone else about it.
In order to teach my body to use the nutrients and energy in food in the best way, I have to daily remind it of our goal. Aerobic and resistance exercises help to reduce fat and increase muscle which in turn increases metabolism.
“Another half mile. We’re almost there.” She said, despite the occasional return fire. Things were becoming sporadic, but that did not mean the Neos were giving up. This change in the status quo meant that they had their prey on the run and it was only a matter of time…
Steve Beckow: Well, when we spoke on April 25th, you actually said that you wanted to talk about NESARA, Disclosure, the unfoldment of the Divine Plan, and you said, “Let us also bring good news.”
I like to cook roast cauliflower (cut into generous florets)in the same dish to take advantage of the cooking juices. The cauliflower caramelises and is so UNBELIEVABLY delicious. Squeeze loads of lemon juice and roughly cut Italian parsley all over. I dare you cauliflower sceptics not to LOVE it!!!
As Christians we need to “get into” the Word of God – and make sure the Word of God is “getting into us.” We are to surrender our bodies and be transformed by the renewing of our minds. We are not to be conformed to the world. When we are applying these principles, we will exercise our spiritual gifts in our everyday lives, in our relationships with our brothers and sisters, and even with our enemies. That’s the pattern for “proving” the good, acceptable, and perfect will of God.
1 knitting
Near the beginning of this month, my sister and I went to a small NBTSC gathering in New York state. A friend swung a few hours out of her way to pick me and my sister up, and we had a nice little roadtrip through the mountains to a small and really lovely town. There we stayed, with a handful of other people, at the house of the friends who were hosting us. And what a lovely house it is! Which for me, someone who absolutely ADORES old buildings, was quite a big plus. (I didn't take many pictures, so I'm afraid the few I have aren't so hot)
The fact of the matter is Jacob had the birthright. The point is Israel is Israel and God will use this.
The cost - which includes graduate credit, if desired - is as follows:
After you've wrapped for what seems like an eternity, you'll come to the end, hooray! Of course, the smaller the shape, the easier it is. Shamrocks have a lot of twist and turns which makes it quite long to make. The hearts were much quicker to make.
** Get a good night's sleep. However you do it! Ask your doctor about sleep aids. Sometimes this is all that works with a wedding planned for the next day. Trust me, I have seen the most miserable brides on their wedding day , tired looking, feeling bad. You know how you look and feel when you have not gotten enough sleep.
The cakes seemed to bake up nicely and on time. I cut off the top to see what was under the hood and was not very pleased. I was hoping for a tight, delicate crumb ... but I got something bordering on dense and with some big holes.
What old systems in your life do you need to change?
We said goodbye to Josie last night. Our options had narrowed, and we have always stood by one mantra when it comes to our animals: No suffering.
bereavement
Trim the asparagus. Snap off any woody ends and trim off the little pointy bits along the stem. (These can be bitter.) Wash well. Steam, covered for 2 minutes, until crispy tender.
Luckily I have a bit of a remedy. I bake. When I was younger I would wallow. Now, I bake. It just makes me feel better. There is the obvious reason - eating. Who doesn't like to eat when they are down? But that's not even my main reason, albeit a lovely side affect. For me it's the satisfaction of building something from scratch. Baking is a precise process. It's not like cooking where you can throw stuff together and taste, adjust, taste, adjust. Not that cooking isn't it's own art - it certainly is! Anyway, I like the step by step of it all. It takes focus. So when you've got a case of the mean reds, focusing on something else is always a good thing.
We found out my husband has a heart condition.
Row 8- sc in ea sc
We all created a new project for today's announcement. I used my leftovers from the Saturday's collection. Well, I did get a couple of more sheets of paper because I had used it all already. How could I not?! It is so awesome!
It’s not just the physical demands of combat that are at issue here. There are two ways to look at this. War is a dirty, bloody, violent, horrible business. Bayonets disembowel people. Bullets tear bodies apart. Artillery fire burns and dismembers soldiers. There is screaming, crying, agony, burned flesh, and the stench of death. Since when did a civilized society decide that this filthy task should be assigned to the half of us who can give birth to children and nurture them to responsible adulthood – to advance their careers, of course? Since when does a nation of real men consign its most precious, esteemed citizens to rape and torture if they are captured during combat? What has happened to the men of the United States? When did women become the same as men are?
24. Good To You (produced by Kanye West)
The OXO Salad Spinner is one kitchen gadget that I never knew I needed! We all know it can be a hassle when you rinse your salad greens, or even berries to dry them before serving without using tons of paper towels or waiting for ever. This handle little gizmo does all of the work for you! A quick, green alternative :)
Despite all my prayers and supplications, it was apparent early this morning that Northwest Arkansas' first snow event of the year was not going to me much of a snow event at all. The grass and the cars were covered, but the snow melted almost instantly on the parking lot. The weatherman was nonchalant about the whole thing: "You might take it easy on bridges and overpasses." Rogers was having school. Springdale was having school. Nothing indicated that attempting to drive to work would be any more suicidal than it is on any other day. It would not be a significant snow event.
We still have three more days to go, so who knows where Santa's hat will end up next! (Also, as much as I'm loving this Amuse candy cane paper, it is impossible to take a photo of it without it looking all wonky, so I hope you didn't get any vertigo from today's photos.)
‘Patient guy,’ I think to myself. After all, maybe they find the time and the space in which to be patient. They don’t have fast paced lives.
But the war in Iraq isn’t really what I want to write about. It seems to me that priority number one after September 11 should have been to regain control of our borders and to stem the flood of illegal immigrants, since at least a few of them may be inclined to become terrorists. Even if we are successful in the Middle East, but we fail to realize that homeland security begins at home, we will eventually have national catastrophes which will make September 11 seem as tame as an ice cream social.
Sam came to Cotesbach when he married in 1948 and kept a garden outside his cottage and a vegetable plot in the grounds of Cotesbach Hall for around half a century.
26) So uh, … what um… are you, uh… doing on uhm… you know … like on Saturday night?
12. Who Is It - Björk, Choir, Mark Bell & Me
The well publicized “Water For Elephants” landed in third. There was speculation the young “Twilight” fans would flock to see Robert Pattinson’s latest movie release. According to Box Office Mojo, 70 percent of the film’s primarily female audience was 25 or older, which suggests that all those women who read “Water for Elephants” in their book clubs may have been more interested in this film.
PS. Happy 4th of July!
I have been a tea drinker of varying degrees of dedication since I was a twelve-year-old Anglophile. Yet I have stubbornly insisted upon being a self-proclamed “purist” and thus drink my tea straight (despite the fact that most good English people drink their tea with milk, so I have heard). No sugar, no milk, no thanks. They can give tea a weird, watered-down sweet flavor that I don’t like.
It is hard to let go though, I was quite fond of it. How do you cope with brutal editing, does it ever end up in the recycle bin?
As for the investigation, well I have to say that the perpetrator was a character I’d least suspected. Blue Angel, White Shadow is a wonderfully written, though provoking crime novel for which Charlson Ong won The Philippines 2011 National Book Award.
6. In 6th grade, a new position in Student Council was created. It was Spirit Leader. That person would get to help do the morning announcements over the intercom and be the MC for teacher events. I didn't run for that position, but after the original person was forced to resign after getting suspended, I got elected. How? Well, everyone interested in the position had to get up in front of the rest of the Student Council and tell why they'd be a good candidate and then do something unique. I got up and got voted in unanimously after showing them my monkey impression. Not just the face (which alone is pretty impressive)....I jumped around and made monkey sounds. Yeah. I'm awesome.
Down here
Myth No. 7: I absolutely must have life insurance.
To make this basket;
“And then I’ll roast the Xbox and toast it over an open fire!”
Mr. HERBERT SAMUEL The facts are as stated. The erection of the box was suspended because of local opposition to its substitution for an existing box near its site. The matter was fully explained to the rector by letter on the 16th August.
However, a major problem with these guidelines is that, all too often, they are presented not as an ideal but as an absolute upper limit, above which the drinker falls off a cliff of risk. In fact, as pointed out by CAMRA in their submission to the inquiry, even taking the figures at face value, you need to exceed them by a considerable margin before there is anything more than a slight increase in the risk level. There is a wide gap between the recommended limit and the point where drinking is likely to have a severe health impact.
And so I find that I have learned from this. I learned, young, and long ago, to cherish chivalry. I sat before valuable books and learned to expect, appreciate and desire only the manliest of characters. That can’t be bad, right!
Simone Elkeles did a great workshop where she shared all kinds of personal information. She laid it all out there: the advances she got for her books, the promotion efforts she tried that worked and those that didn’t, print runs, you name it. She said that it pissed her off when she was a newbie and wanted information and no one would give specifics, so she decided she would.
There were about 20 ‘maybes’ that we then had to re-read and some of these made it onto the Yes list, some different, so we ended up with 30 stories. But it’s also down to taste and we tried to be as objective as we could be in our selection which is why several readers works well and then the final selection will be read by our final judges and shared until we find a winner, runner up and what stories will make it into the anthology. Then we also think about how they fit together as a collection as well, but the whole time looking for something strong, well-written and that gripped us.
Place the eggs and the yolks in a medium bowl. Add the vanilla and 1/4 C of buttermilk and whisk all the ingredient together. Set aside.
Ahab called Elijah an enemy (1 Ki. 21:20). But he was wrong. The prophet was really his best earthly friend. If only he would have listened to God’s servant, he could have been a good king and a child of God.
“BlueScope know they are sponsoring the arts with us, but also the value of education – there is some really good role-modelling going on,” she says, referring to the lessons the orchestra learns from playing its many charity events over the years. It all, she says, goes towards constituting the betterment of society.
I had some amazing help from some amazing friends.
jesse presleyEliza There are many folks who will be upset by my contact with you, some who…
My art class was a success this afternoon. I have been teaching an after school art class to 3-5 year olds every Friday. They sign up by the month. I have 13 kids for March. Never quite sure how my projects will evolve. I think my often lofty endeavors have my assistant nervous most Fridays. Today's project of painting bunnies (one shape to know- all ovals!) and then using chalk pastels to create a background of Easter eggs with dried glue resist that the bunnies got mounted on top of looked beautiful, and it filled the time perfectly. I never know how quickly they will speed through, or if I'm attempting something too complex. I often set the bar high, and they really rise to meet my expectations. Sometimes, I have to "dumb it down" a bit, but not today. It was a good one!
This may be surprising to some, but I am not 100% opposed to the idea of banning children from certain restaurants. Before you start thinking that I've lost my mind, let me explain. I do not agree with the practice of banning children in any way, shape or form, but I feel like it is that business owner's right to set the rules for his/her establishment. If he wants to make it "adults-only" then I think he should have that right. However, I think it is a very slippery slope. Also, by banning my kids, you are essentially banning families - and I can't imagine that would be good for business. My biggest issue with the concept is this: where does the "banning" end? We had rules and laws like this at a point in time and it was called segregation.
For a long time, biologists have predicted that the Y chromosome—the DNA that makes men men—was gradually dying out, and that it would eventually lead to the extiniction of the male of the species. Fortunately, a team of researchers has proven that isn’t the case.
Runny Yoke Skirt
You see my dilemma.
His old towel - it's still got the mud stains from Friday...
Yesterday, when I stumbled out to the kitchen in my fuzzy white bathrobe for a cup of goodness called coffee, I saw on the table, not one but FOUR homemade Valentines! Were there a couple of pun cards? You bet. My Valentine card to him had to do with porcupines and stuck on you….. I included a package of super glue of course.
Mob mentality? are you nut ? are you from San Francisco? is call People justice You moron!!!
I put it on the bathroom counter
So what does all of this have to do with financial independence? Everything!
In Atlantic Highlands, NJ.
Creamy spaghetti
"When I read the blog, two things strike me, so they must strike others as well."
It takes just 2 minutes and you will save thousands of humans!
When choosing a cordless tea kettle you might think that the choice is obvious really. Pick a kettle, any kettle will do, as long it does the job of boiling water. You could do just that, or you could choose an electric kettle with some of the following features.
I started a new job today: I am teaching at EuroAmericano in Pachachamac (see the earlier post about Schools in Lima).
Speakers: - Christopher Thubron, Partner – Moore Stephens
Scot Meacham Wood is a fellow designer/blogger with whom I have established a great rapport. His blog, The Adventures of TartanScot, features all of the images, events and design tidbits that inspire him as an Interior Designer/Stylist.
Whilst writing my last post I came across a charity which offers interesting opportunities for prisoners to engage in projects that provide them with skills and that provide much needed support to those in need. The extent to which such charities or workshops exist or actually run in the increasingly over crowded prisons of today, I do not know. All I know is that I don't believe prison is the answer to today's ills. Brandishing everyone with the same brush is a crude form of self regulation for society. In the same way that one would not use a detention system in school time and again for every student if it wasn't working, surely society should look at the way it deals with apparent criminals. In light of what have been seen as very harsh recent punishments, I do have to question the motives behind them. Is it a sign of the stresses of today's society or of power crazed individuals? Are people trying to stamp their authority? I say this because frankly I don't understand.
While I'm not here to promote drinking, the bottom line is, during the Super Bowl, there will be a lot of beer being consumed. While beer is never good for your pets, a company as come up with a pet safe beer.
We hung out, the youngers all played on the trampoline till the sun went down. Then it was back inside for cartoons and WII games. We've been doing this every Saturday for months and it hasn't gotten old yet.
Stamps- GStudio and PTI Fillable Frames #5
Stay Tuned
Besides being a target of relocation, Whitehorse was the target of another well-funded US government program.
in all the hard cavities so carefully whittled and worn down,
Song made a number of notable shorts during his time in Poland, Hong Kong director Wong Kar-awai liking ”Liver and Potato” (1998) so much that he asked the young filmmaker to collaborate with him, an offer that Song turned down. The next year, <U+C18C><U+D48D> (Sopoong/The Picnic) won the Grand Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival’s short film competition, making Song the first Korean to win at the prestigious event. There was more success ahead with Song’s first feature film, <U+AF43><U+C12C> (Ggot seom/Flower Island), winning awards at the Venice Film Festival and the Fribourg International Film Festival, as well as multiple prizes at the Busan International Film Festival in 2001 – a first recognition at home. However, with Song’s films being more arthouse than mainstream, cinema goers were not yet convinced and it wasn’t until <U+AE43> (Git/Feathers in the Wind) in 2004 that the director also had a triumph at the domestic box office.
April 27: Tinker Bell
It's interesting that some of Rolly's artwork does not seem to reflect a museum setting but was probably intended to be used in the Mansion proper (or its grounds), such as these very rarely seen tombstone sketches, one of which I've posted before:
Many of our city's early mayors are marginal figures obscured by a lack of personal information in publications of the day. We only know a few by their actions and can only indirectly discern their personalities from their popularity and effectiveness.
A very important race is tomorrow...
Once my “havruta”(scare quotes because he is a Rav more than a havruta), was on the phone with a young Rosh Yeshiva’s son, who had be redt his daughter. The young man made the mistake of asking why he should consider his daughter over all the other prospects he had. My havruta’s response was, “Each and every one is a Bat Yisrael, and thus you should count yourself fortunate if any of them will have you.” Then he hung up. His net phone call was to the Shaddchan, wanting to know if there wasn’t a B”T or Ger that his daughter could date(the Shaddchan was apparently horrified). So they sent their daughter to America where her father isn’t so well known… but I digress.
just thought i would share some styling options for floral pants. with printed and patterned bottoms popping up all over the place, what better time to style! i decided to use the anthropologie floral sateen slims. i absolutely love this floral pattern! (can you tell i have a serious crush?)
One of my friends Sarah Sinaguglia (not the one with the birthday) is a lovely lady who is very crafty and puts the rest of us to shame with the amount of crafting and homemaking she does has just written her very first crochet book. She was contacted by the publishers after one of her patterns was included in Mollie Makes.
<U+2665> Preheat your oven to 350 degrees
(Ripe strawberries , ripe!)
It’s a thought provoking read – with a lot to say about throw-away society and the decay of our surroundings.
The memorable moment of the evening happened when George, general counsel for American Traffic Solutions, presented souvenir red light camera signs to City Attorney Dave Feldman and Paul Kubosh, who led the successful fight to take down red light cameras in Houston.
Subject: FW: Guarantee and Indemnity
Place stock in a microwave-safe container and heat on high for one minute. Gently crumble saffron into warm stock and stir to dissolve. Set aside.
ALEC BALDWIN / Jack Donaghy – “30 ROCK” (NBC)
So, this mixer/grinder was used and not very well taken care of. Turns out it needed work and was full of moldy grain and there's no way we were going to let any of that contaminate the feed for our animals.
Excuse her medusa mane!
We decided to make it in pink only and not with black lining showing through.
A good friend of mine, Tara, showed me pictures of the "Blurb Book" that she created with all of her wedding planning ideas! I thought it was such a wonderful thing to do and wanted to share with all of you.
Ask an NHL player about the spate of ill will and he’ll tell you some variant of ‘it’s the playoffs.’ As Crosby told reporters after a particularly malevolent day in Philly: ‘A lot of things happen out there from both sides. Everyone is guilty of it. Nobody is blaming anyone here. It’s heated out there and that’s what the playoffs are like.’
“The Pennsylvania State Police surrounded the house, and before they could knock and announce their identity, a person up on the third floor was looking out the window, and they felt their positions were compromised, so they conducted a forced entry into the house,” Moon Township Police Chief Leo McCarthy said. The woman’s father said the family has been living there since February and was confused and startled when police arrived. “She claims that, about a month ago, she switched homes with Mr. Ghafoor,” McCarthy told Channel 4 Action News. ”In other words, I’ll live in your house, you live in my house.” McCarthy said Allegheny County records led police to the home, which he said is still registered to Ghafoor and has not been sold to the woman. He said Ghafoor still had some of his belongings inside, which were seized…
“Maybe we could get some answers,” Ronan said.
She kind of jumped out of the tub when I released her at the end, and I caught her with "her" raggedy towel. Drying off seemed almost worse to her than being in the water. When I let her go, she plopped down in the living room and went to work licking herself dry.
The jars in the cabinet in the background are just my rice and dried beans and grains and nuts and things. The stuff on the table (minus 3 jars that I gave to a friend the day before) was all canned in one weekend. There are actually 3 more large jars that you can't see. I have a huge stack of boxes of jars on the floor from all of the canning I've been doing this year. I've been giving stuff away and trading jars with friends, but it's still starting to take over the house. I need to get a cabinet to put all of this stuff in so it's not just stacked up on the floor.
Why not shut the window?
I get the date pieces and coconut in Fry's bulk food section. Just toss the ingredients together in a plastic bag and you have a tasty snack!
Finally he removed the plugs from her ears, wanting her to hear his voice. He whispered, just moments before driving the daggers into her skull…
“ I’m trying to run down any incoming changes that have been automatically downloaded to my laptop”.
It just was impossible for him to understand me……..even tho he had brought me that piece of paper what he had found off the internet about the blues (posnatal depression) but he was just acting like nothing was going on and showing me that he just didnt care.
It kind of grossed me out.
6. close the baggie, smoosh the colors together using a bone folder, go over the entire portion of the baggie with the bone folder
At the death of Richie Rossiter, a musician who used to be famous, his partner Chrissie is horrified to find that he has left his piano and a substantial part of his assets to his first family–Margaret, his first wife, and his son Scott.
17. Politics
After this experience I wanted nothing more than to go home. Maybe I should resign myself to this new attitude of every sort of commerce has a right to my data. I cannot. It deeply offends me. When exactly did I have to forfeit my rights to privacy in order to shop?
It suggested that management might have been better off using the RM766mil to expand its plantation land or motor segment in China.
So, I think this is just classical practice in sales promotion for retailer. But, the different is this program use SEO Contest to buzz the idea of “Promo Indonesia.”
Looking at the big picture, the state of our society:
You hold on to the irreplaceable, the core of who that person was, the preciousness of memory. To suggest they could be replaced is an impossibility, it denies both my worth and the strength of the true memory of my love. Nobody else could ever wear that shirt, and I would never pretend to dress anyone else in it. It belonged to David.
The year will bring more posts,
This morning NinjaLoser asked me if I could give him until the 1st before he had to be out. The day before he’s supposed to be gone and he asks. After he flooded my kitchen, and then because water flows down, my nephew’s bedroom that is beneath my kitchen. After he made me go down there and deal with my sister (who was , as expected pissed at him but okay with me) and my brother in law (who was , as expected, pissed at him, but surprisingly okay with me!), then pitched a bloody fit that he was hurt because he fell on the wet tile. And then I when I get home from going North to spend Easter with Huggums (My grandmother on my daddy’s side) he doesn’t say a word. He also left a huge mess of pakcake batter on the damp floor under the wet rugs and towels that he had left out all weekend-after all that plus not working for nearly 3 years, and making me feel like crap because he whines about everything like I don’t do enough and even though he’s not helped a single bit around hte house since we moved- Now I am supposed to fight with Grams ( my grandmother on my mohter’s side) just so that he can rest up and not sleep in the car with a bruised set of ribs.
...can´t say just how much all the DT gilrs just LOOOOVE them!! Gayle keep giving us the most stunning stamps ever to work with,and it´s so funny to see how manny of you out there that seams to love them as much as we do!! =)
vibration level than they do good. By watching TV you end up taking in so much
He will be home tonight with a load of hay.
It is dreadful to die of thirst in the sea. Must you then salt your truth so much that it can no longer—quench your thirst?
In What is the Impact of Financial Advisors on Retirement Portfolio Choices and Outcomes?, John Chalmers of the University of Oregon and Jonathan Reuter of Boston College and NBER examined choices and outcomes in the Oregon University System’s Optional Retirement Plan by looking at participants who used an advisor and those who self-directed their choices. Overall, advisor clients earned net returns that were approximately one percentage point lower per year with much higher volatility. On a risk-adjusted basis, therefore, self-directed investors outperformed their counterparts who used advisors by more than 2 percentage points per year— a difference that is obviously both economically and statistically significant.
My trip now seemed feasible. Finances were in place. Costs on accommodation had come down to almost zero. I was looking forward to meet fellow travelers, share stories and experiences with them. Amid all this calculated chaos, were requests pouring in from travelers who’d be coming to Chennai anytime soon and were expecting me to host them. I was a bit skeptical in the beginning but I thought, why not. So I accepted my first guest, David Villiger from Switzerland. That’s all I knew of him. And I don’t regret that day. It was a beautiful experience getting to know him and getting to know more people like him. Since then, there has been no looking back. I have had the pleasure of meeting people from different backgrounds, cultures and ethnicities. With so much differences, we share one thing in common – our love to travel and meet like minded people.
I'm very tired.Apologies to Ex-Cappo Martin & those at the hammam.I was due to go to Tony Ts Birthday meal late last night..but far too knackered.
Captain America has a metal shield? What is he going to do with that? Is he going to use it to protect him in frat party from flying pies? Come on!
This was also a recipe I got off Pinterest but its from Martha Stewart. It’s called Less-Mess Bacon and here is the recipe. Makes sweet, easy, delicious bacon. Vegetarians, look away…now!
DE: Going to prison for five years.
I know that a certain amount of fear and anxiety in a situation like this is natural and normal, but where do I draw the line? And more importantly — how?
I didn’t get any great pictures since my phone camera is a bit lacking but I should get a hold of the hood photos the dutch folks took.
2. Pray for Lifeline as they partner with the new orphanages. Pray that the lives us the doctors who go to assist these children will forever be changed by that experience.
The nun I made this for said her favorite color was emerald green. this is the closest that I could get to that.
-There were lots and lots of great talks and presentations. My favorites were Michael's GLBT discussion (I'm pretty sure I breathed a sigh of relief when I saw that on the schedule - I've felt inexplicably funny about being out in the unschooling community); Kathryn and Erika's "Even More Different" talk, which I've already mentioned here; Eli and Idzie's "Untraditional Adult Paths" discussion, which left me feeling way more confident about my desire not to work for someone else; and Dayna Martin's "Renegade Parenting" speech, which included a great message about looking for the needs that are causing people's behavior - not just in kids, but in all the people you deal with.
Ted, “We need to hire someone. This TEAM is incomplete.”
That was until today, when I found myself under the spell of a certain lady with a hot wax wand in her hand. Before you knew it, she was ripping hair off the side of my face like I was Teen Wolf. I was certain at one point that I must be bleeding. Either that or she was using the claws of a cat to pull out my sideburn hairs. When she was done I looked in the mirror - knowing that at this point it was a done deal - and I felt naked. I'd never seen my face without sideburns. Without that unruly bit of hair in front of my ears. It was a bit unnerving. But as I drove home it began to grow on me. And by the time I pulled into the driveway, I was kind of in love with not having sideburns. So maybe the sweet Asian lady was right... this time. I'm a little afraid at what I'll walk out without next time. Eek!
***Bourbon beans are best, but Madagascar are also good***
At lunch I went out for a walk, it wasn’t raining so I spent 40 minutes walking up to the shops and back again. Despite the recent downpours the trees are looking fabulous – confetti blossom -
The moon has been looking different lately, and at the September 1945 meeting of the society, the chairman has some top secret information to impart to the privileged and esteemed members – the moon is falling towards the earth and they mustn’t tell anyone. Hopkins, who is a rather self-important fellow, is shocked and pleased in equal measure. He feels it his duty to carry on life as normal, but ere long it becomes obvious even to the man in the street, that the moon is getting nearer and the Government lifts the embargo on the press.
NUCLEAR STRIKES AGAINST UNDERGROUND BASES
From phony jealousy
I had some scraps all over my floor from the rosette banner project I did (more on that later). I decided they were just too good to throw away (like most of my scraps).
Alabama/Sweet Home Alabama
What transpires between Willard and Kurtz is less a traditional climax to a film like this but instead a more personal examination of humanity and morality. It plays out in this nebulous space between surrealism and the base reality of the jungle, set among the ruins of a Cambodian temple. The resolution here isn’t one of action, but of the spirit.
3) I love that the main character, Kvothe, is so talented and yet so imperfect. He's not proud of his mistakes, but he's also not afraid to admit to them, and he shows them to the reader in the most humorous (or sometimes the most touching) ways.
But He tells us that the day and hour of His coming are not for us to know. Nonetheless, we should pay attention. He gives us the parable of the fig tree: when we see its branches putting forth leaves, we know that summer is nigh; and, likewise, when we watch the signs and see these things beginning to happen, then we know that the times are ripe, that the end is drawing near.
To these proofs we can add that which John recorded when the Lord met up with Thomas. John20:27says,
I have a new found fun blog to recommend, thekitchensgarden. Celi writes wonderful stories and takes beautiful pictures of her "farmy" world. At the end of each post she signs off with "Good morning." and adds a short tag of what the day might entail. What a nice way to start the day.
“Yes, I know,” replied Tybalt. “I have seen wet dogs swimming with my own eyes.”
Or a deeper hole /
All people on earth accept that
2) Slice mozzarella into four equalish slices. Then layer as above starting with aubergine. Then drizzle around the pesto.
It's a very thin suede, and I am just in love lately with deconstructed collars like this. It's fun to play with. This was $79.99 on sale at Le Chateau about a month ago. They had them in brown, tan and camel as well, but I've been looking at more olive greens than almost any other colour right now.
of my own day,
Pranita: I enjoy experimenting with food and as my husband loves homemade food, I always look to innovate and try out new dishes..
...there's still room for improvement.
Now, get out your stamps and get crafty with the Pixies!!!! You have until Wednesday, Feb 15th at 7:00 PM EST to add your link below. A winner will be announced with the new challenge on Thursday, Feb 16th.
Decker decides he has been waiting his whole life for an opportunity to teach maturity to a child with theability to destroy planets, so he merges with V’Ger ad disappears. Neither he, ilea, nor V’Gerare ever heard from again. Doesanyone miss them? I have doubts.
-Sheets
And before you get all high-and-mighty about my choice of toppings, this is the only dessert that tastes better with Cool Whip. Ice cream and whipped cream just don’t cut it, for some reason.
Ewan McCabe is the oldest brother of his family. He is the laird of a poor clan. He is a great warrior and will find himself in trouble as his son disappears but comes back with a young woman. A woman he can’t stop thinking about. But who is she as her identity is being kept secret. All he knows for now is his son swore to protect her and his enemy wants her.
Till death do us part, in my book there is no such line.
Dinner at our drivers house - the legendary Kan Singh. I was whisked off first and dressed up in full sari gear. Mum pretty much spat her vegetable curry on me with uncontrolled laughter. Little did she know her pink number was awaiting her in the other room :-)
In addition to this lesson, I'm hoping that Wiola is going to be able to come out again to continue working with us on the straightness issue; I really feel that there is little point in spending lots of money on lessons that only work on the horse, until I have sorted my own problems out first. The lady that owns the yard I keep Echo at was really impressed by how well Echo was moving during the lesson - and we were barely concentrating on her - it just shows how vital it is to make sure you are sitting right in order to make the horse go well.
No, not yet! But in two weeks I am presenting the Russian version of my book in Moscow.
Love Big, Fall Hard, Don't Fear.
A series of bridges and stairs enable the smooth flow of guest traffic to the ballroom, dining room, business centre and spa. Most dramatic is the asymmetrical cantilevered spiral stair on which guests promenade in droves to the ballroom at weddings and events.
11/01 - Detroit, MI - Magic Stick
I have been inundated with St. Patrick's Day-related press releases. I believe it has become a bigger drinking holiday than New Year's Eve -- at least, from a non-wine writing perspective. All kinds of beer and spirits companies have presented their boozes to me as PERFECT FOR ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Three giraffes arrived from Fota in Southern Ireland in 2008 - these were Ciara, Quiver and Sive. A male calf, Timber, was born in December of that year and he has since left us to reside at Folly Farm in South Wales.
And hooray, it's Friday! I'm really looking forward to this weekend, which should involve some more couch (and therefor blog) time than the last one. We'll be seeing some bands, going to a sort-of art opening, and having lunch with some friends. What are you up too?
We all have good times in life and we all have bad times in life.
Drinks: Mead
So it is ironic that the one type of conservative thinking which has always provoked the most furious Leftist criticism and opposition -- promotion of military strength and preparedness (generally in the name of precaution or prevention) -- is in fact precisely the thinking that is most likely to be associated with social intervention of the kind that Leftists would normally favour. What we see in that, of course, is a type of sibling rivalry. From the French revolution onwards, Leftism has always been fiercely and bloodily aggressive and tyrannical both in internal and external policy while also making large attempts at social reform. Internal interventionism and international interventionism tend to go together and Leftists want mastery of both those spheres of action for themselves.
Here's a close-up of my journaling:
Things people scoff at, things that get responses like “That’s just CRAZY talk”..yeah, well, maybe….but it is WORKING….how you like them apples darlin’?
I try to shrug it off and walk away. Because that’s what your teacher told you to do, ignore them, right? After all, they didn’t know where I lived. These girls lived across town. And this was the time before GPS, before texting and cyberbullying. At least at home I would be safe.
Speciality Designer Series Paper Holly Berry Bouquet # 124004 - $12.95
Don't bother with the torrent of writing about this or that interest rate and debt financing. The improvident south will never be able to pay their debts unless they can devalue, which will mean leaving the euro. They can do this after a slow grind into economic depression, or sooner if their electors turn on their politicians.
The album - which follows the Chicago-based band's acclaimed 2010 debut, Perch Patchwork - was recorded last year in a series of week-long sessions at Omaha's ARC Studios with producer Jason Cupp (Nurses, Good Old War) once again behind the board.
It’s been said that we notice faults in others that we are most guilty of because we are more aware of them. I guess this is a form of confession because I find myself in the passive voice many times when I write and then I must go back and rewrite. How much easier it would be if we made ourselves aware the passive voice and wrote the first draft in the active voice. It would certainly save a lot of time.
Zebra - Steampunk Romance
“I never rest
Andy has the following talk with Nigel, Runway Magazine’s Art Director, while they are in line at the magazine’s cafeteria, waiting to pay for lunch. Nigel has just told Andy that the main ingredient of her selected lunch – corn chowder – is cellulite.
However, finances being the way they are (student loans), I would accept a paid administrative position for your business, and I would diligently and pragmatically put up with the hopeless dregs of humanity, the visionless matchstick fakes that you employ for the sake of personal favors.
Obviously, she never forgot. She had been brought up to be ashamed of her missing hand. She never told my father about his relative’s comment. She lived until she was 86.
1 tsp. distilled white vinegar
‘Christina Hendricks is absolutely fabulous. We need more of these role models,’ she added.
Someone in front of me lets out a baleful “Uh, oh!” and the pandemonium begins. It is hard to enjoy the hustle and bustle of a cancelled flight. News of it alone sparks Armageddon. Like wildly rearing horses the terminal becomes strewn with ear-pricked, disgruntled inhabitants stampeding in mayhem over their unconventional manners. Emotionally heightened conversations detonate my travel bubble, and I am quickly dispersed into the dispiriting scene. The realm of pure noise is hardly a soft landing as I careen into the bedlam of luggage-toting figures. Stumbling my way further and further into the sodden gloom, I search for a spot to stretch my legs for I too am an emotional casualty. Not finding an empty seat, I crouch on my baggage and resign myself to my fate.
But then I was hogging our print copy of Gatsby, a book we both love, and he turned back to the Kindle. Guess what, he now loves Kindles!!! He's going to get one himself!
In our opinion, Gardner’s approach of self-publishing books and then citing himself as an authoritative reference in the scholarly literature went beyond simple self-aggrandizement; it was frankly misleading. We agree with Ms. Bruch that the inaccurate portrayal of PAS as an accepted and credible diagnosis gets it wrong on many levels. http://www.jaapl.org/content/40/1/127.full
A spokesman for the International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) under NATO told AFP: “It was an ISAF airstrike.”
The verdict? These are pretty darn good. Especially considering the lack of unhealthy ingredients. They are definitely best when consumed straight out of the oven (as opposed to sitting under an ice pack for 2 hours, which is how I ate my second breakfast cookie). I think they would be even more delicious with little chunks of apple thrown in. I think the applesauce flavor made me long for real apple bits. I dig apples.
She couldn’t believe what he was saying. Nothing was further from the truth. “Do you think I would have sunk so much of my savings into that house just to abandon it? I would never, ever do what you’re saying. But if circumstances changed, I would expect you to support what was best for our family. Couples who are committed make sacrifices for each other!”
Then I went home, and explained to Man-Friend (who is a whole NOTHER level of weirdness), and got a hug (did have to explain what Bili means)...but he did make it a bit better. He, at least, doesn't turn pale and get upset when I talk about work.
Rene W.
I dig me wells with a spur,
Okay, when I was 15 years old I watched ‘From Dusk Til Dawn’, which he directed…five times…in a row…in one night. ‘Rebel Without A Crew’, a book he wrote, bought it, read it. I could go on but will keep it short: Robert Rodriguez is one of my favourite directors. He is one of the best and his passion, vision, creativity and movie making ability is inspiration for those inside and outside of film. He is also self-made which I highly respect.
Well, Crabby is back this year, and since he is giving a limited time appearance, I decided to let him present my characters this month. He has some opinions, some insights, and some hats…
Oh, and did I mention that my parents are flying in tomorrow morning to watch Addie while we're at the hospital and help around the house for a few days? Yeah, they are.
Now, I know many of you thought I was Lincoln, or JFK, or Reagan, or maybe Jesus — (laughter) — I know some of you wish I’d be like LBJ this year — (applause) – But in 1910, Teddy Roosevelt came to Owatanassami and he talked about wages, unemployment insurance, and reforms in taxes and politics. I’m talking about these things here, too, which makes me Teddy Roosevelt.
… So what can I see from here? …Oh here goes:
I happen to know a lot of writers younger than me, and a fair proportion of the really young ones are fantasy writers. And I’ve known some of these fantasy mavens when, after growing up on fantasy novels and movies and comics, finally read LOTR for the first time. In general, they weren’t impressed. Why? Mostly because of context. These people had been reading stories with elves and dwarves—whose modern personae were largely codified by Tolkein—and orcs and wraiths and hobbits (who were all invented by Tolkein), for the whole of their reading lives. They also took for granted the inclusion of tons of maps, and appendices, and invented languages, and elaborate mythologies. I mean, that’s what fantasy writers do, isn’t it?
Keeping going because there is a dream out there. Seeing only emptiness and fire. Challenging the emptiness. Going through the fire. Trusting that the dream is on the other side. Trusting yourself. Not giving up.
RDT&E poses a significant risk and may increase the cost Canada pays. The RDT&E phase is yet to be completed, and with low rate production started, there remains significant risk of costs increases. Between 2001 and 2009, there have been growth figures of 40% for RDT&E and 54% for production.72 It is yet unclear how these costs will be distributed among purchasers. (page 36)
But this year, he cared. As a matter of fact, all he ever talked about was HIS BIRTHDAY PARTY WITH FRIENDS!!!
CLOSING DOWN....Crafty Emma's Store is closing down. I've had a fantastic two years and would like to thank you all for your custom and support. There will be random special offers whilst stocks clear....currently you can grab 25% off all card blanks and 8x8 cello bags.
05 Fit and Working Again
Plants
Last Thursday night, at training, Paul Andrews was awarded the yellow jersey for the second week running. The winners of the end of session six-a-side game were joined in a huddle, enjoying the dubious perk of voting for who they considered the worst player of the night. Having won it the week before, Andrews was obliged to wear it at training. Washing it carries a fine, so as you can imagine - it stinks. Andrews wore it over two further layers of clothing. Having scored an unfortunate own goal - the ball hit him square on in front of an open net - he knew he was a leading contender; “Any point in taking this off,” he asked, looking down towards the names of the previous winners written in marker pen on his shirt. It was a close vote between him and Lee Fielder, but no, there was no point in taking it off.
G-
Now 30 years old, married and a father of three, Json shares his story and the lessons learned through rap. “Growing Pains is the most therapeutic album I have written, says Json. “God used the writing on the album to allow me to focus not on the current situation, but how God may be working for the outcome.”
RiPPER…. : TALiON AGAiN!
I’ve just started watching Guilty Crown a few days ago. Totally sucked into the show, but sadly I have no time to marathon the series. Just started working too… which makes it harder to catch up on Anime.
Papoose
I have lots of thoughts about my Texas trip (which seems about as substantial as a dream now) . . . the Royal Wedding tea party that my daughter is hosting tomorrow . . . the new class that I am teaching . . . all of the books I have read in the past month . . . and whoopie pies with clotted cream and strawberry jam. These thoughts are Wordsworthian, though -- and I require a bit more tranquility (rather scarce at the moment) to bring them forth.
And, I've managed to make these:
* A Hen in the Wardrobe is your debut children’s book. Was it your first attempt at writing a children’s book or do you have other manuscripts hiding away?
Our May workshop will be mentored by Kat Zhang, so mark your calendar for noon on Saturday and get your entries ready!
But for us to remember that it isn’t those actual conditions, circumstances or interactions that lead to a sense of “less happy”…..it’s our own reactions…often repetitive reaction patterns… and resistance, within us, that generates that feeling….
Of course, this season is different, it always is. No matter what the other teams in the AL Central do,the Indians need to keep winning series after series. This is especially important within the division. Cleveland fans need to forget about the newly added second wildcard and remember the best way to bring October baseball to our fair city is by winning the division.
7. Make the book as long as possible. That way, readers can enjoy it more.
The song really has nothing to do with the sexy TV movie host Elvira, host of the syndicated Movie Macabre television show. They simply share the same name. But, if you are one of Elvira's many fans, you probably think of her when you hear the song. But just how much do you know about the Mistress of the Dark?
I've got a few people I've been feeling out, and I am starting to see some of the" fruits of my labor".
Piber is the official breeding farm of the Spanish Riding School of Vienna, Austria and only in Piber is there a complete family tree of every Lipizzaner whose ancestry goes back to the classical founding stallions.
Me: If you have time to waste arguing with me about politics and whining about being sick, you have time to clean up after the cat who is your favorite.
great car? When I was a kid, this guy I really looked up to, drove one of those cars. Split back seat, the tails, a ’73. I thought to myself I wanted Joe to have two possessions, a cool car and his gun. That’s all he has left and he came back from California with the only two things he didn’t have to sell, the only two things he didn’t lose. And obviously, they’re two potent phallic symbols, not to get too Freudian on you. We found that car in a barn outside Chicago.
Sardines are a staple of the Ryan family diet along with liverwurst, butter, and Jesus Christ Superstar song lyrics. In related news, none of us are good at sports. Back to the sardines, they were very good but way too many of them. The heads had a nice fatty crunch, the body was light, and the tails were like fish potato chips. I could have made it through the whole plate with a dipping sauce of some sort, but I was outmatched with only lemon to work with.
Being a pupil of international studies (and my friend majored in history), I was peppered with lectures about international organizations. But when I was in college, I didn’t really give much attention to it, since I believe that it’s just some type of requirement for some of my courses. But after some time, I started to give serious thinking about this and realized some points that supported my belief that the UN in particular should be abolished.
Given that history, in a region where hearts and mind seem to change slowly, the former senators wins were impressive. One feels that they would have been even more so without the presence of former Speaker of the House Gingrich splitting the far-right vote.
_____I took home an Oscar once ... At least I think that was his name. (funny Oscar Quote)
It was so nice to meet many new friends, and and get together with friends made last year. This is Lesley Langdon and I... Love this girl! Amazingly talented... a sweet spirit... and to beat all... she's CANADIAN! :) She was my partner in crime down there... good times! :)<U+FEFF> Every once in a while you meet someone who just feels like a kindred spirit... nuff said... :)
I also pray that Stephanie will have a good day and get some homework done for her next meeting with her homebound teacher. I pray that I will have a good day at work today, better than yesterday.
Many foreigners have been confused by the reference in English to an “enduring power of attorney”. This POA does not mean that it endures beyond the death of the person who grants it. A POA dies with its maker, in Spain and in the UK. The “enduring” only means that it has no other fixed date of expiry.
After the show, the lovely Emma (thank you!) handed us press passes to the final show of the day of Style Birmingham Live at Birmingham Town Hall which is hosted by the always dapper, George Lamb.
Then it's suddenly Tuesday and I haven't accomplished anything aside from making myself really sticky and totally disillusioned with love. At some point I'm like "I just have to do it. I'm going to sit down and write and see what comes out. No pressure."
Maybe all restrooms need to be designed like this one...
The Randy "Biscuit" Turner Benefit at Emo's was right on. Lotsa friends and good music. I finally got to see the reunited Dicks play and they sounded like a giant fascist-killing machine. From "Dead in a Motel Room" to "Rich Daddy" to "Dicks Hate Police," it was pure visceral growl. A few more beers and I would've been in the pit (and probably writing this from a prone position in a Vicodin haze).
So picture this: you are a college football coach and you've dreamed about being a sports commentator for years - you just knew you could do it, but no, you actually had no formal training. But one day, you win a position on NBC, during the playoffs!!! AMAZING!! You are terribly excited, grateful and nervous as hell. You show up first day of your dream job, and you are reminded that yes, your first day of your new job will indeed be on national television.
While the Frog joined some the thousands of snow blocked drivers around Ile-de-France on Wednesday night and took four hours to get home, I thought I'd use the time to go through the Writers and Artists Yearbook for prospective agents. It was a bit of a depressing thing to do as it seems no one is accepting new clients, but it was a start. I think I only got to the letter B in my search, but I found loads of other resources while I was at it, so I now have a folder labelled agents on my web browser toolbar.
I've pre-written this post because I plan on spending all of today studying for my first exam. (I'm the worst student ever and I almost never study until the day before the exam!)
“Harold, they were just errant Jehovah Witnesses looking for a place to rest their feet, or needing a gardener, always wanting donations, and belief. I made sure their toes were relaxed, the soil was tilled, and the donation a memory. Nothing special. Anyway, I’m not for hire. The last one I talked with sailed ship with a donkey, another woman, and a bag of pistachios.”
Every word from you is sacred
He had been a rebellious child and often spent long hours in detention, where he read voraciously: Nietzsche, Descartes, Herodotus, Plato. In Iraq, he would rely on intellectual writings to ponder lofty concepts like what constitutes a just war.
If you're like me then you have no idea how to put together a party playlist. I am always eyeing the iPods of friends to see what songs they have on when we're over for a cocktail or dinner party. My playlists are built by decade or artist so guests will either get an all Elvis playlist or an all '80s playlist.
2. Beat butter at medium speed with an electric mixer 2 minutes or until creamy. Gradually add sugar, beating 5 to 7 minutes or until light and fluffy. Add eggs, 1 at a time, beating just until yellow disappears after each addition. Stir in melted chocolate, chocolate syrup, and vanilla until smooth.
” I believed he was wrong. I spent the next 20 years working through the evidence to prove lt.”
A frothy mix will spread to cover
Most writers have discovered there isn’t a lack of talent in our field today, but sometimes there seems to be a lack of inspiration. Throughout the stresses of life, who among us can’t use more nourishing soul food? This is a great day to be a writer and good news for those of us who love to write inspirational pieces. According to my research, there are hundreds of opportunities for devotional writers. A single piece doesn’t pay much, but the savvy writer realizes the financial potential of inspirational writing tucked in with regular writing assignments.
Is it 'right' to allow 16 yr old the possibility of winning so much?
Some one and I cant recall who had bought it on a blog I follow and then some one else so I just had to get it. I must say that the book depository had it here within about 10 days of me ordering it.
AC: So you don't agree that blog posts constitute published work?
Yamauch H, Iwamoto M, Harada N. Physiological effects of shift work on hospital nurses. J Hum Ergol 2001; 30: 251-254.
And Another Thing is a brilliant title for a sequel and has the merit of being taken from Douglas Adams' own joke. I have always been a huge H2G2 fan, from the first time I tuned into it accidentally on the radio. But not a nerd, geek or obsessive I want to point out. Still I wasn't all that happy when I heard Eoin Colfer had been asked to write a sequel.
In our culture, it's easy to compare yourself to others, as we discussed last month with our April theme, CONTENTMENT. There will always be someone, no, let's face the truth, millions of 'someones' who have more, do more and accomplish more. And of course, millions upon millions who are on the other side of you, struggling, in pain and dealing with very difficult life circumstances.
it is a beautiful spring day, one in a series of beautiful days, and i woke up this morning feeling that it was time to sit and write about my True Colors experience. truth be told, i wasn't able to keep up with the regime all the way to the very end, as others did; yet, the group stalwartly and kindly continued to send my big ol' journal of Metallics (dubbed by Lynne as Heavy Metal, it is ENORMOUS...what was i thinking?!) around until everyone had done a page or two in it.
CTA makes baseball easy after the game as well. Portable fare machines, lots of extra customer service staff directing fans down to the trains, which were frequent and capable of carrying far more people than the light rail trains I'm used to in Portland. Red Line into town, Blue Line up north and a quick bus ride to the Map Room, where we settled in for the evening. For the baseball Snobs, all this meant no beer until 5:30 pm! Clearly, we needed to work hard to make up for the delay. Dinner was take out, delicious Cubano sandwiches from a few blocks away.
Friday: James had no school, and I was planning an evening 10 miler, but then my friends' emergency preempted everything. I managed the logistical nightmare of getting all 7 kids to my home after school, we ate hotdogs, played outside, and had a giant sleepover. It ended up really fun, despite the circumstances surrounding it. No running for me.
Needless to say, friends, the dream rattled me. It's played in my head at least twice this month, and each time, I've jolted awake with a feeling of panic. I've never blamed myself for my father's death. In fact, no one in my family has ever blamed themselves -- something I've always been so thankful for since playing the blame game is all too common when a loved one commits suicide. But each time I woke up, I felt the sting of those feelings...
"Boating! Silly boyish amusement. I've given that up long ago."
born this night.
What cards will help me win.
I saw them in this post by Ms.Wedgie, and was suckered in by the price, not to mention that I prefer these kind of clear nails over the white tip ones any day.. For €10.50 you get 200 false nails and a small bottle of nail glue, but like Ms.Wedgie says, the bottle is pretty much useless! You can't squeeze any glue out of the bloody thing! I had my own glue anyway, again from The Edge. As I was trying to minimise the damage that could be inflicted, I only buffed my nails slightly (So they probably wouldn't stay on as long as if I had scored the nail more heavily and applied primer onto the nail), and I picked up a false nail remover pot from Boots as well, best way to take falsies off!
Wall Street, Big Oil, President Obama, the Fed, environmentalists, the EPA have all been accused of pinching hardworking Americans at the pump.
12. Aerodramatic: The art of crying at the speed of flight.
Place: Earth is our sacred mother. Each being has intrinsic value and its rightful place within an interconnected whole. Our personal and collective connection to our place on Earth is sacred and inalienable. Individual human identity is linked to and defined by a deep and enduring relationship to our place and to the vocation through which we sustain ourselves and fulfill our responsibility to and for the community that in turn sustains us.
Your green water-pumping station building is falling down and it's rapidly being turned into a squatter camp, with drunken vagrants sleeping next to the building every night.
its theory and potential are fascinating, and this
Beck’s buffoonification is complete, and he and his lackeys are back in jail by episode’s end. Its a nice breather after the intensity of last episode, and a drink before the war, if you will.
Those who try to cloud our minds with fear are the enemies of both knowledge and freedom.
Battery life is the main one. It’s a tough debate because with that much power on board, what are you going to do? Reduce the power of the system or just put up with charging it more often? Sony has found some kind of balance, but ultimately there is no escaping the disappointment on this score.
I love that Jonathan is being trusted to be the first face
I was interested in finding out why a school failed to get at least one pupil who passed national examinations and the discoveries I made were fascinating. Yes communities may be disadvantaged in terms of resources. However one of the key areas has been addressed-thanks to the donation of text books by UNICEF in conjunction with the Education Ministry. The books however, continue to be condemned by certain people with an agenda that is meant to discredit anything that is perceived to be “Western”. Surely textbooks as a resource in schools are important whether they come from the United Kingdom government just as computers are necessary even if they are a Chinese donation. (But that is something for another time.)
daughter's lover was outside tapping on the window.
Garden Trellis Background.
Disclosure: I was provided a copy of this book from the author at no cost in order to write this review. If you click on any links in this post and purchase anything, we may recieve a small commission based on our affiliate relationship with Amazon.com.
And our third sponsor is...
#iblamedaylightsavingstime
10. Last, but most certainly not least, is my family. I am here because of them and I would not be the girl I am today without each and every one of them.
‘I read a book’ he replied.
The prose poems of H. P. Lovecraft, disguised within what appears to be a sinister occult tome; this design is a play on Lovecraft’s own imaginal grimoire, the Necronomicon. Arabic and English are poised side by side, expressing the themes and characters of the interwoven tales. The reader feels he/she is immersed in mystery, due to the bizarre symbols influenced by multiple ancient cultures. The occasionally unorthodox structure, and deliberate obfuscation, challenge the reader to explore the book as an aesthetic object, a machine of arcane sensation. The book is bound in black goat, and contains a large letterpressed folding plate.
Half a bottle of gin, cheap stuff is fine. What you do with the other half is up to you.
“While it is common knowledge how corrupt ANC politicians are, this initiative is not only meant to address corruption because that would imply that our economic and social problems would be solved if the politicians were not corrupt. Corruption in itself is not the root problem but it is rather the ‘legal’ robbery of South Africa by a few large international and local corporations and this robbery is rubber-stamped by government, both ANC and DA. Political corruption is only an inevitable result of a corrupt system.”
Oh my students. They did run the gamut. And I did care about them--deeply.
Anyway, you can now join in with the Lovely Ladybugs' challenges at our Challenge Blog HERE! and also please check out what my other teamies have come up with this week too! (Check out the challenge blog or sidebar for links to their blogs!)
Wobbly bits – well I have definitely become wobblier recently. I guess I am in my healthy weight range, but my tummy has always bothered me, particularly after having children. I have recently noticed that my bum is joining in though and that is not on!! I disagree with using weight as a measurement of getting slimmer so I really want to focus on how I look and feel. Saying that I did weigh myself this morning for the first time in months – and that was really because I know that most people associate with this, and would probably want to know how much I weigh at the start of my getting-toned journey. So my current weight is 9 stone and half a pound. I know that probably sounds small to lots of people, but I am only 4 foot 11 inches tall and every pound shows on my face and tummy (and now bum!!). So as I said I want to reduce wobbliness and at the same time gain energy and vitality. I have no goal weight or dress size – I just want to feel happy in a bikini in the summer and be able to jump around as much as my heart desires…oh and of course live as long as possible in a fit and strong body.
You see, the problem is, we may know how to hurl a lot of drink down our necks in the Scotland, but we really have very little finesse about doing it. That night he learned, that both Rakia and salad should be savoured slowly, a little ‘sip’ here, a little ‘nibble’ there.
(For details on what else I'm wearing, see the first post). Don't worry, next week I'll have something different.
While I sound positive, my heart hurts.
Gowdy cited the “rational basis” test – which involves the legitimacy of a state's interest in legislation – as well as the criteria of “intermediate scrutiny” and “strict scrutiny,” which judges apply in order to gauge a law's relevance to fundamental state concerns.
Instructor: Ray Hilborn, Aquatic & Fishery Sciences
For Christmas last year we bought Miss13 a cupcake decorating class, I didn't want her to be lonely so I joined in too. The two hour decorating classes was only $50 which I think is a bargain. Cupcakes for Poppy was founded when Louise started making cupcakes for her daughter, Poppy which quickly turned into an obsession and the business was born. They now have a retail store in Crown Street and offer cake decorating classes as well as cakes and decorating supplies. You can friend them of facebook and drool at the creations they make.
“Kate and Gerry remain very grateful for the co-operation of the police in the search for Madeleine.”»
Tie one bead onto the end of each string. Make sure it is securely tied.
The proposed agreement was reached in consultation with Upper Chattahoochee Riverkeeper Inc., the environmental organization that brought the lawsuit against the city that led to the consent decree.
“Mom, can you just give me a taste of wine before, so I’ll know.” No.
Actually I inked this up two years ago and when I was home in NZ on holiday and cut the frame with Spellbinders (my Cuttlebug lives in NZ) to bring back with me to Greece to play with and then I never got around to colouring her in! How awful to leave her there like that alone and uncoloured! Actually I have a few of her sisters that also need to be inked up!
Okay Confession: When Tracie sent out the invite to the big karaoke party I realized I had nothing to wear and got a little nervous. I took Maggie with me and we hit up all of the thrift stores in North East Columbus, hoping to find something totally radical- and got completely smacked in the forehead with the realization that... chubby girls missed the 80's. That's right. I said it. There was NOTHING 80's to wear! I got some funky jewelry, and decided to get creative with what I had.
Salt-strewn sidewalks and the stomping of a million feet turn pristine powder into putty-coloured slush, at street corners the slush becomes wading shallows, and the rest hardens into hazardous slippery ice. Then there are the dirty shovelled banks.
03 Twice A Man - Decay
The recent Pattern Review challenges have given me a creative kick lately. I finished the Vintage challenge and jumped right in to the next one, the Ready-To-Wear challenge. I actually don’t pay that much attention to ready-to-wear, in terms of sewing things for myself as I prefer to find a fabric and then decide what to make in that order. Lately I have been crazy for
Accepting a relationship is over; is hard. It gives you that feeling where you want to cry, but when you start crying you can’t catch your breath and so you feel like you’re hyperventilating? That feeling where in between tears you say shit like “oh my god” half because you can’t believe that you feel so low and half because you actually might die if you don’t catch your next breath in time? Well THAT is how I feel!
Thank you for visiting and have a fabulous Saturday. Hugs, Mette
distinctive characters (by Melina Hammer) - a monochromatic setting with a plain two colored background. This setting is focussing strongly on the wonderful structures and textures of the mushroom.
Ian Perry, Labour, who has been on Edinburgh Council for 23 years. (IP) Good clear speaker: made the excellent point that about 65% of council decisions are non-contentious and that energy should be reserved for political fights on the contentious 35%. Said he wanted “a new kind of politics”, with more community involvement.
So between now and 31 May, I'd like to finish all the edits on paper. Then, until the end of this round on 21 June, I'd like to return to my get-up-at-5-am-to-write routine. Wish me luck!
This is what they called fate
only with ourselves must we contend
Spellcasting 301 – Spring Break
How many times have we worked in our work life the same way each time only because it was the way we did it last time? What if God has a better way? What if God has a different plan than ours? “So David inquired of God…” These are the important words that we are to learn from. We must be in such relationship with God that we are constantly inquiring of His mind on every matter. When we do this, we can expect the same results that David achieved-success in our endeavor and recognition by God.
Pitch black is my favorite movie with Vin Diesel as he begins playing the character Riddick sadly this is the only movie with Riddick in that is any good, but it is very good although critical reviews weren’t high viewers have given pitch black a cult status in the genre.
Who the fuck is this Asami Sato character?! She seems like such a useless addition to the cast. The appearance of Asami is the first real qualm I have had with the Legend of Korra so far. Was she introduced just to create tension and confusion between Korra and Mako? Do I smell a love square(ish) thing emerging? Ok lets take a moment to draw this out: Bolin likes Korra, Korra likes Mako, Mako likes Korra? Mako most certainly likes Asami, who likes Mako back. Pheww that is a mouthful. The dialog between Asami and Mako felt forced, on a first “date” who tells the other person about their personal financial woes? In addition, after knowing each other for a matter of days Asami is already telling Mako that he “makes her feel safe.” The scenes featuring these two just disrupted the flow of the episode, which was disappointing to say the least. I don’t at all mind the romance aspect to this show, in fact I think that it adds an important dimension to the series, especially because they are upwards of 17 years old (so I would expect nothing less of hormone driven teenagers), I just think that Asami is nothing short of a useless character who takes precious screen time away from characters I actually give a damn about. The one and only reason that Asami is at all an important character is because now her father is funding the Fire Ferrets so that they can compete in the Pro-bending championships. So I guess I should really be thanking Asami because now I will be treated to some more Pro-bending action scenes, I don’t have to like her though, do I?
10Now when they came to the country by Jordan in the land of Canaan, the children of Reuben and the children of Gad and the half-tribe of Manasseh put up there, by Jordan, a great altar, seen from far.
we are 1/3 of our way through our Annual leave,
This is another very clear example where the creed of "Physician, heal thy self" is perfectly appropriate.
Instead of shaking hands, Alex decides to go down the playful route. He becomes a little rigid, clicks the heels of his shoes together, and gives a bow from the waist with his hands behind his back. In regards to the deputy, he is either dense or is choosing to ignore the fact that the nurse and the patient apparently have a preexisting relationship and are trying to play ignorant about it while the deputy is present in an attempt to fool him. There is a good chance that he is choosing to ignore it.
All of this works towards a dilution of Lucy's suppression and eventual rebellion: not only would that piano playing be so much more shocking coming from a girl with all the historically-correct physical social manners, and her rebellion that much more dynamic (even - or especially - to modern eyes), but the explicitness of the homosexuality in the film dilutes the theme of Lucy's suppression which in the novel has to stand for it as well as for itself.
Brewery Location: Escondido, CA
Well, there you go. I'm not sure I like the answer to question number 5. I'll have to get to the bottom of that one.
Yes, I was excited. Yes, hugged the book tightly to my chest. Yes, I may have blown off the renos to dig into it.
Have a great one!
Not exactly what you were dreaming of.
since its 2011 decision have positioned it well and enable UBC’s students and
656 D-XII/6/1973. “Freedom of Speech, Classical Studies and American Republicanism: On Platos’s Statesman.” Albion College, Albion, Michigan. (Included, in part, in Item D-IX/17/1987, below.)
What are some of his favorite/not-so-favorite things?
Optimise Home Report
future — it appears to me that everyone who may be expected to benefit from the course of action petitioners seek to require public respondents to take, is vested with the necessary locus standi. The Court may be seen therefore to be recognizing a beneficiaries’ right of action in the field of environmental protection, as against both the public administrative agency directly concerned and the private persons or entities operating in the field or sector of activity involved. Whether such beneficiaries’ right of action may be found under any and all circumstances, or whether some failure to act, in the first instance, on the part of the governmental agency concerned must be shown (“prior exhaustion of administrative remedies”), is not discussed in the decision and presumably is left for future determination in an appropriate case.
But I don’t hang out with them because they’re gay. How shallow and hollow would that be?
So put on your dancing pants and crank up the volume!!!
In each scene I noticed footprints in the sand.
Since she came to visit in March
The celebrities seem to be playing the game for two reasons: money for their favorite charity and to garner The Donald’s approval. While I appreciate the tears and sincerity the celebrities show when they award their charity with a check of several thousand dollars, I can’t help but feel there might be an easier way for them to raise the money. And, it would seem, some of them could draw the check on their own back account without suffering a serious financial setback. What that tells me is they are really playing for Donald Trump’s love. And, perhaps, in a larger sense, the love of the audience. Could it possibly be that these people are so needy for recognition, acceptance and love that they would crawl through the muck and the mire that this show puts them through just to be able to quote Sally Fields and say, “You like me. You really like me.”
However, in preparing for this post I was Divinely Guided to recommend that people check any resources available to them (both online and offline) to see if it is indigenous to their area. If your area has any “nature walks,” the person who leads them could tell you if it is growing in your area.
Anyway...track a1 is correctly ripped now...more fixes in the next days...
After I'd been at sea a while, I married in the Cape,
Gans T. Field (Manly Wade Wellman) – The Hairy Ones Shall Dance
There is an important point being made here about the future of industrial action law. The idea that a strike ballot should only be lawful if a majority of those entitled to vote (rather than those actually voting) vote in favour of action has been kicking around for years. In fact it was in the 1997 Conservative Party manifesto. It is still very much a live issue today and I’m sure that without a Liberal Democrat running the relevant Government department the change would be on the way to the statute book already. As it is, it only takes one high profile strike to put the issue right at the top of the business agenda.
I have certain things in life that are super important to me: relationships, family, job, faith, friends. Those are probably my top five. But every day… week.. month… through every season of life, these things move around in order of importance. Lately, relationships have been consuming my time as I’m trying to mend broken ones. Eight months ago, my job was my first priority since I was flopping around like a fish out of water.
I think that the same logic applies well here, actually. We still co-sleep; in fact, we've been doing it from the get go, more than 12 years now. We choose to continue it because it works for us - for all of us - in many ways. It allows us all a sense of connection at the end of days both good and not so good. It allows us some time to talk before we drift off to sleep. It allows us the sense of security that comes with knowing that we sleep surrounded by love. And it allows us one space in the world which we know is just ours, together, as a family; sometimes the only time we are all together is when we are snuggled in asleep.
Well, the e-mail I got back from this guy changed me from aggravated to amused in 3.5 nanoseconds. He attacked my character, my dancing abilities, my looks, just about everything he could think of (and all mis-spelled, both Spanish and English. There is something about piss poor spelling and grammar that takes all the bite out of any retort. Turns a pit bull into a toothless daisy in my mind). He even threatened to attack us at the milongas in Buenos Aires, told Sorin that he would "teach him how the portenos really dance in the street". hum....
This maxi dress features a polka dotted, black gathered top with a flowered and butterflied skirt. L added red Lasonia shoes and then surprisingly asked me to (and I quote) “put the bows in my hair, so that I look way cute!”
Islamic nations are pushing towards international blasphemy laws and want to curtail criticism of Islam. The Saudis fund and export their virulent religious ideology.
Blame it on me
I could sleep in May,
If you are a lover of the NFL, then the draft is like Christmas morning. All of the future NFL stars are brimming with optimism, the fans deck themselves out in their team gear, and if you’re a Redskins fan, you thank God for Robert Griffin III.
Following his 'radical heart operation' (words from his file, not mine) he was in physical therapy to regain his strength. He enjoyed his rehabilitation exercises and likes most any form of physical activity. Despite his tiny size, from what I read, he seems to think he is rather mighty. Sounds like another little boy I know around here.
Edges: Attractive, Level Headed, Woodsman
10) The people: Readers, bloggers, authors, and everyone in between. There are so many nice folks in the urban fantasy and romance worlds and beyond. It’s a great, supportive community to be a part of, and I’m grateful for all the help that various folks have given me over the years.
The slayings of Eve Carson and Lauren Burke bear a chilling similarity to another awful crime, notorious across the internet, but still largely suppressed by the US media, which happened just over a year ago, the car-jacking and violent rape and murder of Channon Christian and Christopher Newsom in Knoxville Tennessee.
Here's the Recipe....
"American Way," I marked on the sticky, and requested the book. I pitched it to my editor who said yes. I then proceeded to read all 660+ pages of the book.
I decided to have a play with my Pan Pastels last night and rather than make a project do some stamping and see where it lead me. I ended up with a master sheet which will be used in some birthday cards that I need to make. I did some stamping with Versamark and also used a stencil, the layers are building up nicely but I think that it still needs some more. You can also see some Crafty Individuals stamps, they will also be featuring in the said birthday cards !
Come back web 1.0, all is forgiven!
Let's have a little blog contest!
Way down the street there's a light in his place
Wednesday morning one of Mandi's church lady friends phoned her to say that she'd just seen a bag of odd socks offered on Freecycle. She gave Mandi my email address.
“Some students ran to their rooms to take cover but they were followed to their rooms, beaten up and arrested,” he told the Associated Press. “Others suffered cuts and broken bones as they tried to flee.”
You make me new,
Debt Consolidation Financial loan For Cash Advance Loan Bad debts
Ugh,enough of that.
And now, more yummy pages to do, because everyone's April challenges are up all over the place. I love the never ending inspiration and creativity :-) Yay to us all, keeping all this positive energy flowing around the world!
Matthew Knight (trombone)
Oh, joy! Oh, rapture!
So, a year ago my Daddy died . . . it wasn’t fun to watch him go and life just wasn’t quite the same this last year without him. Not only did I miss him but I started to gain weight . . . with my two weekly radio shows (TalkWorthy on SiriusXM 143) and Healthy Wealthy Wow Surthrival! on 1480 AM and Utah Valley Live . . . along with my eMedia clients I just didn’t take time to care for myself like I should have.
Lucy Monroe's "Who's Been Sleeping in My Brother's Bed" starts us off. Danusia has a little trouble at her apartment that requires getting a new door. Instead of getting a hotel room she packs up her thesis research and heads to her brother's empty apartment.
3) Re: publicity and marketing: I shall save those ideas for tomorrow, as I just REALLY wanted EVERYONE to know that REAL AGENTS DO NOT COST MONEY UP FRONT (or at all, until there are earnings to be had).
We are lucky that a few times a year grandmas LOVE to take the Littles for days at a time,
What do you think?! Not bad, eh? Especially for my first hat/beanie!!
STEVEN TYLER:
In their search for light.
As far as the print editions go: WSJ is still in first place, followed by USA Today and the NYT. This is exactly what would be expected, given that these are the household-name newspapers across the nation.
3. Attempt to and/or actually grope your nurse: Then blame her negative reaction toward your loving caress on the fact that you're missing a limb. Clearly she would LOVE being groped by OTHER patients
Over the next two hours, Björk is perfectly forthcoming, but there's this sense that she's wary, withholding herself somehow. In the past she's talked of being a warrior, and 'fierce' remains one of her favourite words. But 'flinty' seems a better fit for this new Björk. Seemingly made of the same stuff as Iceland's igneous landscape, she's like a pebble: small, but elementally obdurate. "Born stubborn, me," as she sings on Vespertine, an album that is all about sanctuary, withdrawal, and privacy.
Last month, the Mission Council, met for a day-long retreat at Point Pleasant Presbyterian Church. After some thoughtful and bold conversation about the blessings and challenges of the presbytery, the Council agreed that we, as a presbytery, need to focus on Building Trust and Building Community over the next year or more.
Now I know there will be a lot of jealous people out there tonight after seeing such a high falootin piece of modern technology, but its just something they're going to have to deal with!
Want to know a little more about Glass Dharma straws? They are perfect for everyone who wants to cut down on their plastic use, both for health and environmental reasons. These straws are:
NIHinfo@od.nih.gov (Email)
I love how you go into ADD mode and fill the air with random words and sing-song phrases because you feel something has to go there but you have no idea what to say.
Again, I would like to appalled all those that worked tirelessly to make this happen and repeat the words of Chief Allan Adam when we first heard the news of the rejection of the pipeline this January:
Thank you for taking the time to read this!
“Arnen!” Emily cut in. James was watching William, who had his eyes closed tightly.
My plan was to make some Ipoh hor fun (a dish derived from prawn noodles according to renowned food historian Lin Jin Cheng (<U+6797><U+91D1><U+57CE>)- click here to read the article); but decided against a trip to Victoria Street just to get the rice noodles, using what I had in my pantry seemed like a much better idea on a very hot afternoon.
window and after careful (five minutes) consideration
How do you fit writing into your schedule alongside the demands of work and family life?
Plow United has a very extensive playlist covering numerous albums. How many songs are you planning on playing, and how are you going to choose them?
Tear down what keeps
Proverbs 25:26… “A righteous man falling down before the wicked is as a troubled fountain, and a corrupt spring” (KJV).
“WHERE IS MY YARDSTICK????????”
'Nana (Banana)
Still we shared many a laugh
Now, however, the cinder blocks have started to climb. And the gum ad is fast disappearing. A shame. Still, I'm glad they didn't go to the bother to paint over the ad. It's fun to imagine the surprise that will await New Yorkers when this crappy new building is inevitably torn down in 30 or 40 years time. The flavor lasts—and so do the faded ads.
1 Thessalonians 5:1-11
We are also welcoming some new faces in January, but for that you will have to wait until January 8th when they will be officially announced. ;D;D
show.
The American city was once the heart of an industrial machine manned by workers who believed that they could get ahead in life. And then the worker became a minority in cities dominated by the indolent, by municipal unions, by social workers, community organizers and bleeding heart college graduates who squeezed him out. When the looters came for the American worker, he fled to the suburbs, the city declined, and the rioters unleashed their rage on the Chinese who came to take his place.
Ben actually got shouted at by Joe… but in a good way! Seriously, the look of disgust on Joe’s face just before yelling “why don’t you cook like this all the time?!” was very convincing. I was worried, so I’m sure Ben’s stomach must have been flipping.
The kids loved it. Being with gammy and papa is the best, especially when gammy takes you shopping and gives you your first real mani/pedi.
Of course, we never find this out right away. We have to go through the dance – defiance and/or refusal to do what he’s asked to do, followed by yelling/door slamming/swearing, which dissolves into crying. Eventually, a parent will ask what’s wrong he’ll claim “nothing’s wrong,” and we’ll go back and forth a few time before he spills. There is usually another round of tears and drama before he’s calmed down.
Last night Chris and I were talking about Harper and Pooh and I broke down. I told him that I feel like we are getting further and further away from her. He said something that struck me, "I know you feel like we are leaving Harper behind but we aren't. She knows that she could never be replaced. She would want us to be happy and she wants us to bring Pooh bear home. We aren't leaving her behind, she will always be with us....right here (putting his hand over his heart and mine)." I know what he said is true but my heart still aches for her. I know that moving forward isn't "moving on" and that moving forward is a necessary part of living a happy life but as we approach spring and as we are getting closer to Harper's birthday, it becomes more real. The first year without her is almost over and then we move onto the second year and with that, rest of our lives without her.
- I made this dough once in a stand mixer and once with handheld electric beaters. The poor beaters had to labor a lot, and I wound up recruiting a sturdy spatula to help out, but it’s good to know that you can make do with whatever tools you have on hand.
I was tough, sure. I was used to wierd behavior from my family, sure. But I was also 11 years old. I started to cry. The cashier got this confused and slightly panicked look on his face. He didn’t know what to do with an 11-year old suddenly balling his eyes out in the middle of the store. But, he was a nice enough guy. “Hey, hey buddy. What’s wrong? Do you need some kind of help?”
- Lead vocal mic is not captured in the recording at the same level as the instruments during some parts of the show.
The depiction of midland industrial England is a character in of itself. Lawrence describes the strange contradicting hopelessness of progress and the hard, ugly landscape brilliantly. Having a Father who is from Yorkshire helped me delve through the commoners slang, but there is a glossary for those unfamiliar. But the point is that it is supposed to be hard to understand and alienate oustiders.
The reviews on BeerAdvocate are pretty good. Here's a quote from one in particular:
2 fruit
Enjoy hours of slicing and dicing fiber fun. Slash through gorgeous quilts you could never in a million years piece much less quilt in I'm A Jealous Bitch mode, or upload your own hideous creations in Why Couldn't I Pick Up A Nice Easy Hobby Like Flower Arranging or Scrapbooking mode. And now, you can work to unlock the special Vaginas Don't Belong On Quilts mode, where you can slash and destroy those so-called "art" quilts that claim to be making a statement about homelessness or farm subsidies, but are really just an excuse to put a vagina on a quilt. (Also available in Penis and Twilight.)
Google Sync
… to call that guy who makes you feel good about yourself when you need a pick me up (esp if he’s like a gazillion miles away, Oakland anyone?, and therefore you dont have to actually worry about any slip-ups occurring.)
The "petite" saison I brewed in April is tasting pretty good so far; in fact I think it will turn out great, so I've brewed another version of it and it's fermenting now. The fermentation seems less robust (maybe cooler temps?) but I'm not worried. I'm letting it take it's time as I'm going to need more bottles anyway. There's been a funky smell in the kitchen the last few days, but it doesn't seem to be the fermenting beer, which is good.
Helen Heightsman Gordon, M.A., Ed.D.: Dr. Gordon published five textbooks while a Professor of English at Bakersfield College, Bakersfield, California, as well as numerous articles, opinion pieces, and humor, in scholarly journals, newspapers, and professional newsletters. Her poetry has been published in such diverse venues as Amelia, Gray’s Sporting Journal, Good Housekeeping, and the Salt Lake Tribune. Her chapbooks of poetry and humor are available online. In 2007, she won first prize in the “Best Historical Novel” category at Hollywood Book Festival for her first novel, Voice of the Vanquished: The Story of the Slave Marina and Hernan Cortes. In 2008, she ranked among finalists in the category of “Best New Non-Fiction Books,” (sponsored by USA Book News), for her second edition of The Secret Love Story in Shakespeare’s Sonnets. Her interest in solving the puzzling 1609 Dedication to the sonnets led her to explore the effects of Rosicrucianism and Freemasonry upon 16th century literature.
The prime minister recounted the trauma of Yoni’s death, recalling how he had traveled “seven hellish hours” from Boston, where he was studying, to New York, to tell his parents the terrible news. “I saw him through the glass, in typical pose with his hands clasped behind his back.” His father saw him, and asked, “with surprise, ‘What are you doing here, Bibi?’” And then in an instant, Benzion realized why he had come, “and he let out a cry of such anguish… that I will remember for as long as I live.”
you’ll find your love that stays.
Improvements Planned (Check whatever applies):
CN, CP, BE Aerospace, DR Horton, Brinker International, Eaton, Roper Industries, Wolverine Worldwide and Netflix beat estimates while Check Point Software met expectations. Facebook, Hasbro, Xerox, ConocoPhillips, Knoll and Tennant missed. Texas Instruments missed expectations but beat if you back out charges for the quarter and the revenue was marginally above expectations.
Known by his Americanized first name of Roy, Nushida was a pretty small guy, about 5'-2" and just over 100 lbs, but he made up for his diminutive stature with an impressive assortment of curve balls. A teammate on the Senators called him "one of the smartest pitchers he had ever seen" and crowds loved to watch the little pitcher strike out the much larger players he faced. Nushida played around the semi-pro circuit on the island and in 1922 he came to America with the barnstorming Honolulu All-Stars. Recognizing that the West Coast's burgeoning Nisei baseball circuit, Roy Nushida decided to stay in Northern California and for the next 9 years became a fixture of the Japanese-American semi-pro leagues in between working as a salesman in Stockton. With the vast Japanese market so far untapped by any Pacific Coast League team, Moreing and the Senators had a marketing goldmine. When Nushida was signed by the team, the Senators were barely holding onto third place statistically unable to get close to the first or second slot. With Sacramento about to embark on their last trip around the PCL circuit it was the perfect time to bring out their Asian rookie to create a media buzz and put those Japanese fans in the stands from LA to Seattle. Changing his first name from Roy back to his Japanese name of Kenso, Nushida began his tour of the league.
07. Riflessione (02:03)
After she calmed down I gave her a rawhide to chew while I did a few things around the house. I don’t know if it was the anxiety or the bone or both, but Apollo came up to the x-pen barrier and she stared and then lunged at him. He ran away. She couldn’t have gotten to her because of the barrier but I wasn’t happy with that behavior at all since I think that’s what happened the other night because there was a rawhide on the floor in the bedroom when we had that incident the other night.
Today, however, I did manage to spend a goodly amount of time crafting and the first thing I made was a snippet make for Pixie's Crafty Snippet Challenge # 18 - it wouldn't do to miss a chance to skip into Di's playground :)
-32 tight weave batting circles
Then you get to my twins...the two that changed our lives in very different ways...born at 23 weeks...a whole 17 weeks early! They taught us how to face challenges of chronic illnesses and special needs. How to deal with a death of a child and the grief that follows it...all the while still "swimming" for the sake of the surviving twin the even years later is struggling daily, the other beautiful kids at home that had to deal with losing a brother and having the other sick constantly dealing with the special needs that he has...and finally for our marriage...because no one talks about the stress that loss and sickness can wreck havoc on a marriage. We are stronger, grew closer because of it!
She also knows, that no matter what things look like on the outside. That God has the FINAL say. She has been atending teachings from Danny, Kendra, Joey & Mechelle Patrick, Pastors Dan and Carla Patrick.. Staying grounded in her word. Walking in the faith of the PROMISES God has already made.
shot through torpedo veins.
It doesn't matter how much, what matters is what you do have.
My elderly mother has been ill, so I have had to spend more time helping her with shopping and housework. Poor Spotty is lame so he is needing more attention too, and of course most nights are spent rehearsing. The play is in two weeks time and it is only a short run, so I hopefully will have more time then to catch up.
He does answer though. Just sometimes the answers are a surprise and not always in "wow! How super fun is that?" way.
* Meme Maker (YES RLY)
And I wish I had that kind of faith.
And towards our distant rest began to trudge.
Black Balloon The Goo Goo Dolls
I’m officially certified for underwater exploration, as per my Bucket List for 2012. Weirdly, the deed was done in the middle of Pennsylvania cornfield country in an old abandoned rock quarry that is now a PADI diving site. It’s also home to bass, catfish, a cement truck, a chess board complete with pieces, and a quarry barn that is likely now enveloped in algae and slime.
Do you have any suggestions or experience concerning alternative online venues for selling your artwork?
Phonetically I do see the point. I can see why the mistake is made.
In his concurrence, Justice Kennedy instructed courts to be cognizant of the nature of the patent being enforced and the economic function of the patent holder when applying the equitable factors. eBay, 126 S. Ct. at 1842 (Kennedy, J., concurring) (“When the patented invention is but a small component of the product the companies seek to produce and the threat of an injunction is employed simply for undue leverage in negotiations, legal damages may well be sufficient to compensate for the infringement and an injunction may not serve the public interest.”) . . . The right to exclude becomes more urgent when the product is the invention.
The blue color also represents the sky of Ishinomaki; She wants the prayers to sent to the sky with the help of the cranes.
Also, Jeri Ryan is one of the coolest people on Twitter. You should send her pictures of your cat.
From a wardrobe point of view: the little black dress, beautiful shoes and choice accessories never fail, either altogether or as starting pieces for an outfit.
Typically, we will run the tests, provide feedback to candidates, and then brief the selection panel on our findings. Where we have effective person specifications, we can advise on the likelihood of each candidate providing the school with the particular characteristics which the post demands.
-#location: where did you take the picture? Was it in in #Hawaii or at #UCR?
But Paris has another side - a vibrant richly jewelled persona
I am blessed.
I think these are to die for! Harlequin Frills High Waist Briefs by Lilly Wiggler Couture, available in this colourway or in black and white. Also see Lilly's other brilliant underwear in her shop, including bras to match these knickers.
Q: I notice that lots of women who are into fashion have these stacks of bracelets, sometimes with watches. They go way up their arms sometimes. This is a new trend that I want to start trying. How can I get the right mix of bracelets, and can I wear them on both arms at the same ... (To continue reading, subscribe.)
Sift the flour to a bowl. Make a pit in the flour, add salt, butter or oil, sour cream (optional) and the egg. Gradually, add water, Turn the dough out on a floured board and knead the dough till it becomes soft and flexible (about 10 minutes).
The next day we made our way to Breakthrough Urban Ministries. Breakthrough is in East Garfield Park Area of Chicago. They have a food pantry for the community, a preschool and various after school and weekend activities for kids and families. They have a Day Center during the week for people to come in off the streets and get a meal and other services. Breakthrough also has a place for people to come and stay. They typical stay for 6-8 months and Breakthrough helps them work on their job skills, schooling, locating a job and getting back on their feet. They also have the men and ladies take part in a weekly Bible Study. There are so many services that they provide, it's amazing!
I'm happy to present another interview with a grown unschooler! To see all interviews with grown unschoolers on this blog, go here. And now, I hand the reins over to Anna:
My rating: 4 of 5 stars
Comrades and fellow South Africans, I greet you all in the name of peace, democracy and freedom for all. I stand here before you not as a prophet but as a humble servant of you, the people. Your tireless and heroic sacrifices have made it possible for me to be here today. I therefore place the remaining years of my life in your hands.
“My friend’s cheekbone was crushed. They attacked us with glass and burnt us with lit cigarettes. My face is burnt and totally disfigured. Worst of all, I really hated their racist comments.”
The cover and info on this fortnight's edition of Doctor Who Monster Invasion magazine:
‘$1,091,000: Political contributions sent to federal politicians for the 2012 election cycle, making it the largest oil and gas spender’.
On going to bed that night, Joseph began thinking about Zuleikha and couldn’t stop thinking about her, and he couldn’t sleep.
While we cope with this, the increasing housing shortage grows worse. Rents have skyrocketed - why charge $400 a week when you can get $150 a night for short term people - who are desperate for somewhere while their homes are repaired. EQC insist that homes are completely emptied, including curtains, while the work is done, which makes sense for major work like repiling, new walls and floors, but is probably not essential for paint and plastering! So pets are boarded, storage is sought and people do get out, into these rental places or temproary homes or caravans or relatives, mainly using the insurance payouts to pay for it all. Meanwhile, people renting in the areas whose houses have been condemned in the suburban red zones, are finding they will soon have no where to live - or anywhere they can afford to rent.
Rita is a Lantean from the Pegasus galaxy who traveled to Earth during the evacuation of Atlantis more than 10,000 years ago. While much of her equipment was, by necessity, left behind in Atlantis, she sought to continue her work in the Milky Way.
Or you may not be cut out to be an "author". That too is something one has to consider. That too must be looked at from all possible angles. That too must be faced. The moment I see some author who has self-published 10-20 books especially fiction books during a period of 1-2 years, I have to admit I am very suspicious. Either you have been writing from the age of 5 until 60 and then published all your books at once, or you simply are throwing out first edits to the public. Shrugs. I guess it is all sales in the end or you have an incredible gift at the keyboard, and should be publishing with the Big 6.
Readers, how can I keep orange in my wardrobe and looking fresh once this trend is over?
Very little changes in life, I find.
A Christmas Tale
dogging with the alpha,
Readers might wonder why John asks this godly woman to do so when he clearly acknowledges that she is already a good and faithful Christian. The various epistles remind believers of the importance of keeping the faith when facing temptation and false teachers. One of these is 2 Peter 1:5-12:
You may have missed this news -- as I did -- but it's not a rumour, it's almost absolutely true. The design bit of the Office for Harmonisation in the Internal Market (OHIM) has finally confessed:
"So you think you should camp out in the main rooms spewing your cold on everything and everyone? I think not."
I hope you have a fabulous weekend...
‘The House Budget Committee meets Monday afternoon to put the final touches on the more than $300 billion 10-year package to preserve defense spending without bowing to Democratic demands for new taxes’.
Accompanying her were Royal Malaysian Navy chief Admiral Tan Sri Ramlan Mohamed Ali, DCNS chairman Jean-Marie Poimbeouf and Submarine Force Project Team head Laksamana Pertama Rosland Omar.
It's not too late for a do-over. Every day is just that, right? I get caught up in wanting to be the bestest and get stuck. I'm determined to not have such a long list in the end...maybe just "eat more vegetables" or "exercise more"...none of this really important stuff of regrets.
She may be a controversial figure in Singapore, being vilified by many for the mess SMRT is in now, but ex-SMRT CEO Saw Phaik Hwa is still popular among SMRT staff as they threw a farewell party for her yesterday afternoon at Jurong Crew Station, packed with more than 100 staff from the Rail Operations Branch comprising Train Officers, Customer Services Officers from stations, OCC, HQ and the Circle Line.
Wanting desperately to put an end to her nightmares, Mac decides to investigate Amy’s murder herself. She discovers secrets lurking in the shadows of Hemlock, secrets about Amy’s boyfriend, Jason, her good pal Kyle, and especially her late best friend. Mac is thrown into a maelstrom of violence and betrayal that puts her life at risk.
HOWEVER I have some good news to report before I leave. Little sister (I call her Pupster) and I had a great day over last weekend. My last post took place after I had an emotional breakdown at my little cousin’s birthday party and the Pupster and I talked it out in the dark, outside in the cold. Yep, I am a mean big sis making her sit outside in the freezing cold while I broke down … Anyway, the next day we went to Coventry and hung out. I bought her lunch at the Winking Lizard and we poked around at a place called Big Fun. Big Fun is the place where all my childhood toys went to die! (LOL) We had ourselves a moderate, respectable amount of fun at Big Fun. It was nice to get out with the Pupster for a while.
Not north, not south, all notts.
And so the Slender Western Lake receives its given name.
How To Construct Your Dream Home
That's right. About the only non-megaswill beer I would get on a bottle is Guiness. And it actually tastes better in my opinion out of the bottle. Heineken is always available, but we all know how those green bottles let in light, and thus oxidation and funk. And again, you don't know how long that Heiney has been sitting in that fridge. Guiness comes in a black bottle, so it works out great with longevity. Not to mention that it will make you look a touch more sophisticated to the ladies if you're drinking the big G than Bud. Go figure.
Jerry writes of a transitioning art world, “It remains to be seen whether high prices are the global warming of the art world, imperiling an entire ecosystem. Perhaps the planet will adapt. Perhaps not. But shouldn’t we be alarmed that one work by Murakami now costs more than masterworks by Constable, Courbet, Delacroix, Fuseli, Géricault, Ingres and Rubens combined?”
I would take apart Parker ink pens to see if the ink looked different & then I would scribble on pretty Victorian stationary sets or past due bills to see if they write differently.
“Yes.” I say, fighting to keep my voice even.
Sad, those who let the animal prevail.
As their smiling faces come pouring in at a quarter past seven, I am reminded of where they have just come from. One would assume that these nicely groomed children with backpacks in tote would come from the highest classed families in Dallas. They politely smile and greet me with, “Good Morning Miss Eng,” from the very smallest that stand no higher than my knee to the very oldest that are most likely taller than me.
One of my most memorable experiences was Stand up paddleboarding with Scott(another new experience). Scott scraped up his leg while surfing on his board and I jammed my toes pretty bad and it was still incredible!
Ben Lawson or Chief Lawson is the local lawman of the town and knows everyone. He is surprised to see Molly but not his reaction to her. Since that night when he was twenty two Molly looked different. Now was his chance to be with Molly even though he knew he shouldn’t with all that he doesn’t know about her. But sparks will fly and Ben will be there for her even when trouble starts out her window.
The only really easy thing about the game is that Hammond allows you to kill 100 of the non-rex-or-raptor dinosaurs before you fail. At first this seemed like a tall order, since there are lots of dinosaurs and they keep alternating between “good” and “bad” and “human”, so switching from tranquilizer to lethal weapons was somewhat annoying. But then I got fed up with some compsognathuses and blew them away with my shotgun, only to find that the limit of 100 is per level, not per game. After that, I didn’t even care. Only if I got under 10 dinosaurs remaining would my reign of terror end.
While primitive isn't part of the challenge theme this week, we encourage you to give it a try. Don't be intimidated by the style because you just need to think simple images, simple embellishments and papers - everything with a bit of a country feel.
<U+25BA> 2011 (145)
I cooked up some Rotini.
With a wicked pack of cards. Here, said she,
*Reduce blood pressure
Shopping for groceries the young bride is forced to look at naked clerks as they check out her groceries. She is forced to walk beside a naked man who carries her groceries to her car. He asks her for a date. She declines.
For you Zone 6 and 7 folks, if you haven’t cut back your ornamental grasses yet, get her done! Fortunately for me, I have a very dynamic mom equipped with a fancy hedge trimmer, which made for fast work. I didn’t fully grasp how vital this was until I trimmed back a mature mass of winter grass at Rumours Wine Bar on 12South yesterday using a small hand trimmer — took forever, scratched me up like crazy, and boy, are my hands sore today.
After her class, Stacey and I met up at Santa Maria Novella to make an evening trip to the Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella. It was a really beautiful place. It’s one of the oldest pharmacies in the entire world. They still produce potpourris, soaps and perfumes here and the walls and ceilings are filled with frescoes. There are beautiful statues, and displays of old books describing flowers and how to mix potpourris. It was really beautiful. I would highly recommend a visit- plus it’s FREE! Great for budget travelers!
2010.07.30 Afghanistan Kunduz 3 19 Children are among the casualites when a suicide bomber detonates at a soccer game.
It’s not gratuitous to mention that America is now treading the same economic path where Weimar Republic once trod. Jews were the most prominent in the left’s leadership in Weimar too, with sorry consequences. Maybe a beacon of truth shined on all that can do some good both for America and for its Jews.
It's not very easy to fall off the wagon and land on the horse, but I seem to have an inate ability at doing just that. In fact, I've even become quite good at it.
I no longer recognise the city where I was born.
What do you have that you can sell that will go in line with your product that the customer bought?
Reading this book made me angry. It riled me. It made me dream of a society where women were in charge, rather than men. And I found that someone else had already "dreamed up" such a society and had written it into a well-known book. I got that book from my library and read it immediately after The War Against Women. It was sort of an antidote for my frustrations and will be the next book I review. Oh, you want to know which book that is? The Gate to Women's Country by Sheri S. Tepper. I'll come back here and provide a link as soon as I review that book.
God created, he created us in his image so we must be creative. Mary Daly said it better than I can: “It is the creative potential itself in human beings that is the image of God.”
Recently I was doing some work with a customer how they might update their vision, mission and values.
Studio/Gallery @ Village Exchange
"For someone to say it's not okay to be as skinny as me is like saying it's not OK for me to be who I am;
I had really high hopes for my vacation. I was going to get up early and work out every day, eat healthily, get a bunch of projects done, form meaningful relationships, and find a cure for male pattern baldness. But what did I actually do? Slept a lot, ate a lot, saw some movies (including Hugo in 3D, which was really good), hung out with friends, and cured male pattern baldness. So, it wasn't as productive as I'd hoped but it wasn't a total loss.
Paranormal Romance
Hattie Brown from Backatown, they used to call her,"
See the video in the link above
9. Everyday you spend in Office, you are driving the world closer to the brink of war and destruction.
Ho. ho. ho. hee. hee. har. har.
-The "Who wore it best?" pictures in any magazine.
And there you have it. For tricky citation issues like this sometimes you just have to cobble together what you can from the information you have and make it look as similar as possible to the established guidelines. As such, you might find other possibilities on the themes provided above, but as long as you include as much information as possible in an establish format, you should be good to go.
Tsb
Estoppel typically occurs when the patentee writes to the infringer, describing the alleged infringement and requesting that the infringer either "cease and desist" or take a license. The infringer then either ignores the letter or sends back the usual response that they aren't infringing, and they will consider the matter closed unless they hear back from the patentee. If the patentee then fails to follow up, the infringer - logically - considers the matter finished. As a consequence of estoppel, the plaintiff may be estopped, i.e. barred, from enforcing his patent against this particular defendant.
And recently, Jake was having a difficult time remembering himSelf accurately, because of my description. He asked for more clarity: "Was I ALWAYS really serious??"
Completely incomplete
The cost. One pound. To go to where he already was. It seemed.
I had no idea how brilliantly it would be executed, though. Russell T Davies wrote a script that will define him and validate his inclusion in the annals of scriptwriting greatness. He provided the perfect vehicle for this dramatic transition.
Mr. Schoenfeld said that the latest disclosure by the Times about the financial surveillance was less clear cut as a legal violation because it did not appear to involve communications intelligence, which is specially protected under federal law.
Today was a very short 3.6 mile run, as I have a lot to do today. I’ll do some cross training in the gym either tomorrow or Friday and go for about 5 miles on the other day. Then, over the weekend, we’ll try and get an 8 miler in.
Alas we are broke, without time and too busy fighting amongst each other to band together enough, to really be heard.
7. To make the frosting, place the stand mixer bowl over a simmering pot of water (the bottom of the bowl should not touch the water). Whisk the sugar and egg whites until the sugar is dissolved and the mixture registers 160 degrees with a candy thermometer.
For as long as Esmerine can remember, she has longed to join her older sister, Dosinia, as a siren--the highest calling a mermaid can have. Then Dosinia runs away to the mainland, and Esmerine is sent to retrieve her. Using magic to transform her tail into legs, she makes her way unsteadily to the capital city. There she comes upon a friend she hasn't seen since childhood--a dashing young man named Alandare, who belongs to a winged race of people. As Esmerine and Alandare band together to search for Dosinia, they rekindle a friendship . . . and ignite the emotions for a love so great it cannot be bound by sea, land, or air.
And all are unique....
“Dumb dogs work too hard”.
Cottage Holdings may sound a humble affair, but it actually does very big business indeed.
it brought a few tears as well, I’m alive
Boiled tripe sitting in a liquid heavy with chili oil before it is chopped and stuffed in a bun with chili sauce, parsley salsa verde and salt. Thank you for making it the only requirement I set for myself on the trip, Mooman.
With 2012 now upon us many look back over the past year and reminisce about the highlights and the challenges; our victories and our failures; those things we can take pride in and those that bring shame and remorse; events and people that make us happy and those that still conjure up feelings of anger and hate.
What is brilliant is that you can be taught this, My name is Sol, and I’m a digital champion, my job is to volunteer and show you how to get online, so you can do all these things and much much more. Digital championing isn’t just about getting you online it’s about having the time to spend with people and allowing them to be independent Internet users. Alongside keeping the brain working, it keeps people in touch with the world, their surroundings & most importantly their families and friends.
“My real name is…”
Moreover, even if Mali’s classe politique manages to sort out a smooth return to constitutional rule, the country’s greatest challenge remains before it: fighting the rebellion and reunifying the country.
8:00 – Vic Thrill (& T Pow), Morgan O’Kane, Phillip Roebuck @ Bruar Falls Free (21+)
and of course this makes perfect sense for my life at the moment, but it did get me thinking about the right side of our bodies and our businesses.
Court documents show that police have obtained the photos, which were sent between March 30 and April 17.
11. Deliver Your Children
“Algar’s a great person and there was no reason for you to mess with my social life,” Sybil growled.
9. Bake for approx 40 mins on 160degrees
I must apologise that I have not been visiting everyone lately - I could list all the boring reasons why, but I won't! Please know that I intend to get around to visiting everyone over the school holidays in my spare time (go on laugh).
If that mother can let go of expectations of their child, of what they should do or be, it's easier to do what is right and best for that child because what is done is directly for that child, not for the mother and through that, you will be the best mother you can be. If a child cries and a mother soothes, she will be a better mother than one who shushes her child.
Last night at dinner, I texted Tai that I was at Koh Samet. She called back. Said she was with mom, had lost phone and my number. Returning to BKK tomorrow and visiting me thereafter. This morning at breakfast, Lek texted me regarding my whereabouts. Coincidence?
Gary Stokes: Thousands of sharks fins are laid out across the sidewalk in Sheung Wan, Hong Kong for airing and sorting. This is a rough/raw edit due to time. Would have rather added a proper voice over, but it is what it is........bloody disgraceful!
Georgia 6-Mar 76 15 2 47 0
"Its another bloke who knows nothing about music but has great abs"
man of sorrows
she has no idea about anything
Below, I’m going to be laying out practical steps towards that end. Change. Some will address seemingly mundane realties; others take on the man behind the curtain. Some may be instantly relevant to you, others you might need to stuff in your back pocket for another time. But, if you long to sense something “more” being birthed in your life—stay tuned.
This week, the Sun moves opposite your sign to stay for the next four weeks. This 'opposition' pattern causes you to focus on partnerships and close friendships more than usual. (You have a lot to think about.) Actually, traditionally, this is the best time all year for you to learn more about your style of relating to others. Those who are closest to you will reflect your style of relating right back to you, almost as if you were talking to a mirror. Since we all need relationships in our lives, why not learn as much about your style of relating as you can? For starters, did you know there are three kinds of people in the world -- those who can count, and those who can't?
Max was the perfect dog for almost 9 years–never pooped or peed in the house–unless he ate a carton of chocolate coverd almonds from Trader Joe’s, for instance. Then we adopted D’Marcus from the shelter. Max’s testosterone kicked in and he decided to show everyone who the alpha male around our house was. He pees on purpose. D’Marcus, on the other hand, pees submissively. If he thinks you’re mad or disappointed with him, he flips over and turns on the spout. So we have to reprimand him in a syrupy sweet quiet voice….”D’Marcus baby, get off the table please. Put the steak down for mommy…good boy.” My son said, “I’m gonna try that. Next time you’re mad at me, I’m just gonna flip over and pee.”
I have lived for seventy-six years now and rarely have been given a single positive word for anything I have ever done. I remember my father once saying, “Charles, you do good work; we don’t see much of it, but you do do good work.” Although my father was never mean to me he wasn’t supportive either. And, because I was a smart-ass kid, I developed the habit of sarcasm and making verbal fun of everyone and everything, including my teachers and friends. I probably learned that sarcasm from my father as is perceived in that backhanded compliment I remember him giving me.
You’re probably thinking, why would I want to do exercise? Well there is no doubt that if you consider how it can help your body you will probably be running down to the shops by the end of this article! Doing exercise during pregnancy can help in various different ways. You’ve probably read some horror stories about women in labour, but it is proven that doing some slight exercise throughout your pregnancy can benefit you when you reach this stage. Making your more flexible and doing some stretches can aid any problems with pushing during labour, and doing slight exercise will also give you more stamina. More stamina is a bonus for anyone in labour, we all know how tough it can be, so that little bit of extra effort you can put in at the birth could be really important. And for the sake of 30
When he comes back he says, "So you ready for me to get the mood set in the room?" Haha :) I trained him well. He fills the bath for me with my lavendar bubble bath, I change into my sports bra and keep a towel on.
I see her perk up when visited and fed by my angel friend, Cathy.
"We're really lucky to have found foreigners to milk our cows".
Then, I cut a heart out of a pink index card.
I'm listening...
Anywho, Syp emailed me and asked if I might chip in on this NBI thing. I’m far from a mainstream blogger, and I just kind of do my own thing here, so I’m pretty sure I won’t be the most relevant voice in the auditorium. Still, sitting apart from the chorus as I do, maybe that’s exactly the voice that someone needs to hear. If my writing here can be useful and uplifting somewhere, hey, why not take part?
Everything that isn't life threatening seems to be quite unimportant to me. I used to worry about the most ridiculous things. I wasted so much time doing this.
The younger version of me continues -
Thank you for reading my NEW POST! Be sure to check out caloniedoesart often!
I sat there waiting my turn and then the mahatma was in front of me. My eyes were closed and I felt him put his finger on my forehead. Nothing happened at first and then suddenly I saw a circle that opened up and became a stream of colors and light images. I just sat there taking it all in and feeling special that I had now obtained the first part of this secret knowledge. I opened my eyes and looked around and everyone had the same goofy, blessed-out smile on their faces. We had been initiated and we had seen the light, literally!
The question then becomes what’s so bloody special about human beings? Why would someone think we were different? Strikes me as particularly arrogant, as arrogant as claiming we have ‘souls’ and animals don’t.
Anyway, while I've almost always disliked the beads, like with so many things I've still got a few of them in the evergrowing stash, having beaded for years now. In this case, the ice pearls came from two bead mixes I got ages ago. Just recently I sat down and sorted the beads -- having searched for the crackled glass beads in the mixes to illustrate a blog post -- and put them all in neat little piles, one for each bead type/shape. And I must say the colour combo in the ice pearl pile ignited a spark.
We hear the sounds from a distance. Fear grips me.
“Remember me?
The Dance of the Tentacle
Above you see what I've been working on. I've been very prolific artistically these past three days. Inspiration is hitting on all sides. I keep getting more and more ideas. It is wonderful. I am setting up an etsy shop too.
The Path of the Builder
photographing a deceased person, was a common practice in the 19th and early 20th centuries. These photographs, from the beginning of the practice until now, are special mementos that hold deep meaning for mourners through visually “embalming” the dead. Although postmortem photographs make up the largest group of nineteenth-century American genre photographs, until recent years they were largely unseen and unknown. Dr. Burns recognized the importance of this phenomenon in his early collecting when he bought his first postmortem photographs in
Are you praying for someone else today? If you have a specific prayer request, I would like to pray for you. Feel free to leave your prayer request in the comments below, or e-mail me at sheensteve@gmail.com. It would be a blessing to pray for you. Enjoy your weekend, people!
From what I can remember from our discussions and personal research, our culture is predominantly patriarchal, yet matriarchal by nature.
SCREAMING FEMALES - Ugly
Apparently her feet had grown alot since Track Club last spring!
Similar patterns of key combinations, later borrowed by others, remain widely available today in most GUI text editors, word processors, and file system browsers.
I made good use of the transparency sheets, printing the stamps onto them to layer over the papers.
Oh, and yeah, I won third place in that competition. *wink*
What kind of a farm do you make when you have to move it?
Why did the police not interview the person “employing” Mr Mulcaire and paying him £105,000 per annum?
***I have to present at a research colloquium tomorrow morning, so I have to go to bed early which means I’ll be gone from the site until tomorrow evening. I’ll try to sneak in some replies!
i'm convinced i'm an experiment project - was put on new meds and put 35lbs on in 1 yes ONE month - so there goes my Dr's idea that i had an eating disorder (which i have battled in the past, but been free of for years) - each time i get on new meds i get sicker and sicker - i won't go into details - but it's been a bad quality of life on these meds so i have decided to stop them - on a positive note - i finally joined a gym - i'm now a proud member of Bally's and have a personal trainer for 3 months - so rock solid body this summer here i come!
Bee Pollen – Microsporic grains in seed plants gathered by bees then collected from the legs of bees. Causes allergic reactions in some people. In nutritional supplements, shampoos, toothpastes, deodorants. Alternatives: synthetics, plant amino acids, pollen collected from plants.
We look forward to attending other events before the festival wraps up. We will definitely attend David Norris's one-man Joycean show 'Do you see what I'm hearing'. We might even make a trip to Sweny's Chemist to gawk at the people dressed in character and purchase a bar of delightfully fragrant lemon soap.
I felt like a change from using glitter so I chose to use small green star sequins in the centres of my nails to add some sparkle to my manicure, using a touch of 17 Double Gloss Top Coat.
And then there was the burger. THE Burger. Here, the taste of the locally sourced, humanely raised, organic beef was clearly superior. I'll never go back.
Although they offer salads and sandwiches, along with classic sweets such as cookies and muffins, they shine in the tart department. Being the height of autumn, ’tis the season for flavors such as apple and pumpkin, but other more imaginative options, like pear & almond, also reign baker Jerome Audureau’s menu. And, as evidence that everything’s better with chocolate, the chewy and dense banana & chocolate tart is a must-eat. Sized at five inches ($5.50), the tarts are perfectly portioned for self-indulgence. Unless, of course, you get two. Or three.
Connor tod me they (C&G) needed litmus paper for their science experiment, so I dug into the box of science paraphernalia and found the red and blue litmus paper. I learned that toilet bowl cleaner is acidic. I always assumed it was akin to Draino, and a base. This could be useful information if I am locked up in a storage shed and there is a bomb timed to go off in 23 minutes and all I have to aid escape it is chewing gum, toilet bowl cleaner, and duct tape.
Wi all thy merry minstrelsy
Sissy : 10 years old. The main bitch. Very insistent when she wants something.
Red Dwarf (Series 1 – 4)
1776.
Here's a shot of the back:
It’s so important to have a strong support system through all stages of your life. You’ll need it if you go through something like this. I want to help people who have been blessed enough to never see this happen in their own relationship, better understand and be able to help the friends and family that might have this happen to get through it in a more positive way. Bottom line is that not all of us have been there. I want to give insight to those people who don’t know what to do or say to their loved one, and show them that they can be that support system your friend will so desperately need.
2 Tbsp + 1½ tsp Fish sauce
Ahem. Yes, I said The Bar.
Chris Hemsworth as Thor - Kinda good acting, but. but. BUT, what’s up with the character development? Like really, one moment he is superdeeduper arrogant then after 5 minutes, he’s Hanna Montana with all rainbows and butterflies. He’s sooo sweet. How did that happened? And don’t even say love, I’m not buying that as an excuse. I know he’s supposed to change but the transition is not done flawlessly. It’s so fast even without hitting a fast forward button. Tsk.
Here is what I got in my box:
It is my goal to always be casting something – either a heal or a Lightning Bolt or dropping an Elemental – but I aim for 95%+ activity time on raid bosses. Sometimes (not sure how) but I break 100%.
Felicity wanted to believe him, so she did. But the comment had awoken her to at least some of her senses. ‘OK, if you’re being serious- which I’m not sure you are- then tell me what it is you’re talking about. Facts, none of this playful stuff.’
I'd like to end today's post with a clip of Celtic Woman....my dad took us to see them two years ago and it was incredible! Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!!
Oct 18 – Pop’s – Sauget, IL (W/Cobra Starship)
I did everything I could to satiate my appetite for automobiles. Then came the big opportunity. The Auto Expo was scheduled at New Delhi in January, 2012. My Math exam was to be held two days later. I was not gonna let this opportunity go, and with a quick prayer to the Math gods, I purchased a ticket. I visited as many stalls as I possibly could. Merc, Yamaha, Audi, Maruti Suzuki and Chevy impressed me the most. I took three HUGE Suzuki Hayabusa posters (the lady at the Suzuki stall was very kind indeed). One of those posters adorned my hostel room till I had to head back home for the vacations. Curse my luck, I lost my camera just after leaving the venue. It had 200+ pictures on it, and it took me days to recover from the loss (of the pictures).
Though skies were cold and so gray
Just for kicks and giggles, here are a few more interesting video clips similar to the Social Media Revolution.
The two parks are right next to each other with tons of restaurants and shops and a movie theater in between, almost like a mall. We bought tickets that allowed us to come and go from both parks as we wanted. We were in an out of both all day long and enjoyed some lunch at Margaritaville. It was a crazy, long, very hot day with lots of people, but we had a blast!
(Side note: We watched the movie The 5 Year Engagement. Review: Not the romantic comedy you might be used to and maybe a little long yet it doesn’t drag at all..in the end I enjoyed it. Truly, I did.)
BUT...I am finally taking some blog time
~Cambria
In my opinion, the beast hadn’t killed that family, but that wasn’t impossible. I thought in my family and I was frightened. I bought a firearm at a gunsmith’s to protect my family. I got in my car and I went to the village where the beast had killed that family.
Yes I pray for guidance daily and I listen to Murphy as best I think I can but even the generally accepted 'He'll tell you when he's ready' just isn't enough for a father like me.
15. Fortified Live ft. Mos Def & Mr Man
This particular day was a Monday!.. Mondays in rural France are quiet days.. Shop closed days!. I knew this. I had been warned. A helpful notice posted in the cottage was there to remind me, and even with a verbal reminder from Sharon I still managed to overlook the fact I was about to run out of milk and on a Monday no less!!! So determined to rectify my silly lapse of brain cells, I took off on an adventure.
My Boyfriend Scales Walls is a
A former world class steeplechaser who represented the United States internationally for several years and set an American record in the event back in 1983. As an athlete Marsh was a 10 time national steeplechase champion. Since then he has become a businessman and is co-founder and Executive Vice President of MovaVie – a multilevel marketing company that sells “juice products featuring an exclusive Açai berry juice blend”.
I chose to make my circles pretty large and make the candle light brighter than real life so that we can see the cat on the floor better.
Natural stone (granite, marble and slate): Rs 14,000-42,00
Now that the kitchen is done with, I am trying to get back into the challenge (which when I think about it seems pointless because of some things that are coming down the line, but I’ll talk about those if/when they happen). So here’s what I’ve missed and my catching up to the current challenge:
Cara Haycak started her writing career at Columbia University’s graduate writing program and received an MFA in 1995.
so I check his email.(im not one to normally do this, but I knew something was not right so instead of acting like nothing was wrong, i wanted to know)
“This is a new social disease affecting Banda Aceh. If it is allowed to continue, the government will have to spend more money to handle them,” the deputy mayor said, adding that religious scholars were assisting at the camp.
The story I'm about to tell did not happen today but a few days ago so it's pretty fresh. Not all my stories are of the "it could only happen to me variety" but this one most certainly is. For whatever reason I know no other person this would happen to!
The old fuck, I thought, snarling; my conscious being a maelstrom of rage, my unconscious part busily replenishing the adrenaline levels on a second by second basis. No movement: the car sat stock still, but I sensed the seat belt being subject to some sort of play, a half-hearted tugging. The green light shone bright. Not the fucking seat belt, COME ON!!! I didn’t dare beep, knowing it would occasion a slow, slow, puzzled turning of the head.
Let us always remember to look for ways to lift others, never to tear them down, no matter what may have occurred in the past. We all make mistakes, but the only mistake that will really bring us down is holding on to those mistakes.
I learn to identify life coming and going.
I bought the following:
Her right eyebrow was normal if not a little straight, kind of like Keira Knightly. Then, her left eyebrow looked like someone had shaved it off, broke out the Sharpie marker and tried to make it look like Tyra Banks’ brow (you know, the crazy one she’s always raising independently of the other one).
David Loch, in his Essays on the trade, commerce, manufactures, and fisheries of Scotland (1778) had already noted the inferior quality of Edinburgh porter vis-a-vs London porter — or at least what was sold to the unwary as London. But specifically, he complains about the willingness of the Edinburgh public to accept watered-down London porter in place of the (in his view) perfectly adequate local product:
Obadiah is the smallest book in the Old Testament having only one chapter with 21 verses. This prophecy is against the Edomites, an ancient people who had descended from Esau, Jacob’s brother, and who were a long-time enemy of God’s chosen people.
Can pretty hard to do this one or very easy depend how you play and if you get lucky either way just get a group together or keep trying is the only advice you need.
2. I thought I saw an eye doctor on an Alaskan island, but it turned out to be an optical Aleutian.
Rating - 3 out of 5
All in all however, it was scrappy, nervy stuff and it was therefore appropriate that the first goal came from a mistake. Agger and Carragher, as if they’d only just been introduced to each other, played a game of “after you”, “no after you” in dealing with a lose ball. Carragher eventually took the initiative and cleared straight into Cahill. The ball then bounced into Jelavic’s path who made no mistake. Despite a suspicion of off side it was a bad start from two experienced players. The result of playing Agger out position? Surely not, this was basic, schoolboy stuff, if in doubt smack it out?
I’m a gardener. Not the first thing I would think I am, but really when it comes down to it, I’m a gardener. I have so many interests that catch my attention and I’m a shitty juggler when it comes to giving them laser-like focus. My strategy is time and patience, love, and a green thumb.
I realize that one more year,
Hate speech laws throughout the land,
“And she’s not come in here to explain to me first?”
Location awareness is a key component to the success of mobile marketing. What better way to take advantage of consumers engaging with brands on the go than catering advertising to their precise position? Brands are able to interact with their consumers immediately and effectively by relaying information that is timely. Relevancy goes hand in hand with social CRM research – making audiences, messages, timing and place all relevant for the consumers’ sake and your brand’s effectiveness. Knowing where your consumers are is becoming as increasingly important as what your consumers want.
Thankfully for us, our apartment had never been subjected to any eccentric additions, and I doubt we would have bought it if it had as we wanted to avoid precisely the problems we've ended up with. It does however put us in the position of being the only ones with leverage against Ms B and Mr A (at least in their minds).
How do you write what is in your heart if you are fifteen years old, your mother tongue is Arabic or Somali or Amharic and you have only been in the UK for six months? This year I had the opportunity to work on a project organised by English PEN and the Tricycle Theatre, Kilburn, North London, for newly arrived young people. Last week we launched the anthology of their work, 'My Suitcase is Packed' at the theatre, with many of the young people reading on stage.
I don't usually buy low-end items from junky-quality stores second-hand, but this XXI cardigan was really cute on and fills a hole in my wardrobe nicely.
And how many agonies and distresses are there for a person who dies on his bed- and a standing (praying) or a sleeping person in Jihad is better than a fasting or standing (praying) person not in Jihad- and whosoever acted as a guard or escort in Allah’s Cause, his eyes will never witness the Fire (Hell) and that a day spent while one is in Jihad for Allah’s Cause is better than the world and whatsoever is in it.
I've also been re-arranging books, since we've had some new shelving and storage cabinetry built. And one thing has led to another so that I'm re-organizing considerably, filling box after box, bag after bag, de-cluttering to release some more living space here. It feels good!
By this morning (before the news broke) some had even written and published article such as this assuming they had already been gifted with the outcome they so desired. And as far as this writer was concerned he was so clearly over-excited by his wish fulfillment fantasy that I rather suspect he typed his article with his one free hand. (I bet he cries himself to sleep tonight)
The pointed side of this blade
My sincerest apologies for the radio silence in the last few weeks. I have been particularly busy trying progress on my master thesis and working with Rotaract.
1 frown
What eighteen year old Mac Thorne doesn’t know will probably kill her.
By the third day, my friends and I came up with a pretty great combination approach to contend with this alluring and alternative new cohort of ours. It involved mild forms of kidnapping and demands for entertainment. It was aces.
Kane (to Cutler, re Golda): “If you touch her, I’ll have to touch you. No, not like that.”
Likewise, the links when it comes to international PR are striking between the two countries.
Only happened once...lol but it did. I don't usually run outside. As an adult that is I have only ran on a treadmill. I thought just going for a job around the Roman Forum would be no problem as our hotel was just a block away. RIGHT! Cobblestones, pebbles, dodging nuns and priests and unfamiliar territory were all big obstacles. I walked mostly but some running did happen, just not as much as I would have liked. We did tours and walked everywhere so exercise was not an issue. My friend was wearing a pedometer. In all we walked 20 miles while we were gone. Not bad at all. The food was amazing as I knew it would be. With all of the great food and gelato every night while in Rome I knew I had gained. I jumped on the scale this morning and weighed 181.4 which is a loss of almost 2 pounds from my weight of 183 when I left. I was shocked and over joyed! I want to thank everyone for their kind and encouraging words on my last posts. As always you guys are awesome!
on the left side of the body, i.e., the
This creature has the statistics of a Mersc Feond, from Chapter 8, save that It also has the attack "Bite @ 15: Damage 7d6, plus opposed roll on Con. versus poison potency of 12, or the wound festers and blisters, giving the character 1 point of damage per round if they participate in combat while wearing clothing." It has eight points of armor, due to its aqueous nature, which makes it resistant to stabbing and chopping attacks.
"What is it, mama?"
I am using some Lambs Pride Worsted, but you can use any WW yarn. J hook
Aroma: The first impression is a clean clear combination of sweet malt and hops. A second impression brings more of the malts out. A third lingering impression introduces a bit of the hops but still maintains a rich malty aroma.
Pants. Pants are stupid. Have you ever worn pants? That’s because you’re an idiot. Me? No more pants. Screw those pants. Take them off. Fine. Don’t. I’ll take them off. I’ll take them off. Go away. Leave me alone. I’m taking these stupid pants off. See? I hurt myself. I have a big-ass booboo now. You can’t see it but it’s there. Don’t freaking touch me! I freaking hurt myself and now I have to scream to let the neigbours know. Somebody call Child Services. Please.
I’ll Tell You Mine is a fabulous book – beautifully and sensitively written. Pip Harry is an exciting addition to the very talented stable of Aussie YA authors out there and I’ll definitely be on the lookout for her future releases.
About who you can purposefully be kind to.
What the fuck?
75th Street Brewery - Hangover Helper - Brewer’s A La Carte Brunch from 11:00 – 2:00 featuring the tapping of the best breakfast beer EVER! Up All Nitro Porter, our nitrogen poured java porter. The perfect blend of Dark Mojo coffee beans and English Chocolate Porter malts. $3.00 pints of Up All Nitro Porter and build your own Bloody Mary bar. Also $10.00 pitchers and $7.00 pizzas all day.
Based on my blogging habits, it's pretty obvious to people here that I'm susceptible to peer pressure. Hell, yesterday, the status of my facial hair was determined by two of my Twitter followers. But I'm also susceptible to reverse peer pressure. The more people tell me I'm an asshole for not doing charity work, the less I want to do it. Every single time I hear on TV that people have a moral obligation to “give back to the community,” I have a strong desire to use my semen as a method to give back. And every time I hear about some super-charitable person being a complete fucking asshole in one arena of their life, I get an evil smile on my face, knowing that, though I have booked a direct flight to hell immediately upon my death, I will get there faster and be able to contribute to the pool of diarrhea that these fuckers will continuously drown in for the rest of eternity.
Coffins stood round, like open presses,
Their wisdom was coming from within themselves and from the world around them. Their wisdom was not from God, so they could not reflect God’s wisdom. Understanding the importance of His wisdom allows us to reflect an insightful life. God’s wisdom enables us to rest our minds in God and the miraculous power of a transformed life.
4-6 May 2012
This decision is a tremendous blow for those who have worked on the UPLS proposals. These include members of the EU Commission, Senior Judges and leading patents practitioners, including our own Kevin Mooney. Many will view this decision as the Court of Justice seeking to be the judicial body overseeing any single patent litigation system that comes to fruition in Europe. This was the one single issue on which the Commission, industry and the lawyers agreed at an early stage in drafting the proposals to be undesirable. This is because, according to this view, the Court of Justice does not have the necessary expertise in this area of law. It might be thought that some attempt could be made to amend the proposed UPLS system or to go back to the drawing board completely. But, the essential reasoning for the decision is that the Member States cannot divest to an international body their powers as part of the European Union order over matters that will, inevitably, require the implementation of European Union law. So the reasons are fundamental and appear to rule out any revision of the UPLS or a return to the previously attempted European Patent Litigation Agreement (EPLA) proposal. It seems that alternatives to a system presided over by the Court of Justice have run out. The latter view is supported by a recent advance with the proposed single, pan-EU patent called the Unitary Patent in which, for only the second time in its history, the European Parliament voted for the “enhanced cooperation procedure” to be used to push this through, despite opposition from Italy and Spain on the language regime that is planned to be adopted. Decisions on such a patent would be made by the Court of Justice.
–Glutino Gluten-Free Pretzel Twists (one of my favorite snacks to keep on hand)
We missed their appointment because I honestly didn't know how I was going to be able to handle all 3 kids by myself so I am rescheduling for a day when Rob can come with me to the appointment and help me out. So next week we'll get their 2 1/2 month stats!
Notes: Add some gin or vodka for some extra kick
Qualcast Suffolk Punch Cylinder Lawn Mowers
So, birthday number 31 has been and gone and it’s been a pleasant one. It’s been a rather more low-key affair than last year’s few days of awesomeness that Andie arranged, but it’s still been a fine day filled with good friends, board and computer games, cookies, coffee and Catan.
imaginative use of various percussion instruments including
Today she offered her advice to a few listeners, including if it’s ok for a married couple to sleep in separate beds! Read the letters below, and add any advice you may have!
Footnote 4. Um, really? call me and I'll give you the history lesson you so desperately need.
True Grit tells the story of 14-year-old Mattie Ross, circa 1875 Arkansas, who is set on avenging her father’s death at the hands of Tom Chaney, a hired hand. Mattie is a self assured, strong-willed young woman of Christian morals. She has a head for business and is unafraid to make judgments and see her decisions through to completion. When word of her father’s murder while on a business trip reaches home, there is no question that Mattie will take charge. She is the eldest child and her mother is too overcome to handle matters. Mattie travels to Fort Smith to see to her father’s body and his business deals (missing his funeral) and then sets down to getting justice. Frustrated by the slow response of law enforcement to her father’s murder, Mattie decides to hire someone to help her track down and kill Tom Chaney, who has fled into Indian Territory.
Otherwise, I think it is a strange and incorrect thing to say.
Congratulations to all the A to Z-ers! I have the Linky List on my sidebar and plan to continue my blog visits following down the list. I've found some amazing new bloggers this month. This has been a fantastic Challenge this year. I have loved participating and being part of the hosting team.
I say a lot of stupid stuff, but I hope the smart stuff I say makes up for it.
Though she fears goblins, fairies, wolves and barrow ghosts, in addition to getting lost, Catla unknowingly distracts herself by raging against the vicious Nord-devils and by pitying herself for being the one left to help the village. Luckily, after resting at the standing stones overnight, she chances upon Sven, a young man from Covehithe, returning from York. Companionably Sven and Catla make their way to Aigber, but not before encountering a group of Norsemen themselves heading to Aigber but by water.
Congratulations on your newly organized closet Shannon, I am sure you will find pleasure and comfort each time you open that door this winter! And THANK YOU for sharing your story!
The wolf is not quite what he seems
Obviously, if you had been discussing classical philosophy somewhere else you would expect someone to point out that it was in fact Heraclitus who first made the remark about foreign cheeses and sell-by dates you erroneously accredited to Pythagoras, without the slightest embarrassment and you could have laughed it off, made an apology and moved on. But supermarket checkout queues are not that forgiving, remember the armed siege that broke out in Littlehampton Safeway back in the 1980s when someone with nine items attempted to enter the 6 items or less (sic) queue?
-Doesn't offer a lot of widgets, especially progressive and useful ones.
Within the microtubules matter-mind psychic entanglement takes place
so that is why I use the rich chocolate brown cardstock!
Protein 19g
Chris: Kidding – go on and do what you need to do.
My cousin A is engaged to W. W is allergic to nuts. I didn't know this but I never have get togethers at my place where I have to coordinate food and food preparation. My mother apparently was aware of her allergy as was my Aunt and Grandmother. My mother made a side dish with broccoli, bacon, red grapes, and walnuts. She failed to tell W that there were nuts in the salad. W took a bite, realized what she'd eaten and nudged Cousin A while tapping her plate subtly with her fork as if to say "did you see that?" My Uncle D saw this movement and thought she was saying "what the hell is this crap!?" He was getting ready to tease her about thinking our food is bad when she asked my mother if there were nuts in the broccoli side. You should have seen my mother's face! Oh Em Gee! I think she wanted to die right there. She's all apologizing to W for not remembering to tell her there were nuts in one of the sides, W is all apologizing to my mother for not asking her if there were nuts in the side... Then poor W starts chugging Coke in an attempt to flush any walnut residue out of her throat.
Hey pals! Welcome to day two of the 12 Days of Christmas series. Today, I'm supposed to be posting some wonderful something. Truth is, I have a few somethings I could write about. But there's uploading the photos and editing them, then writing the post and then rewriting it 16 times. And I'm just not up for that today, folks. Sorry.
The campaign calls this woman a hero, and pretends her cause is moral. It isn't moral, and the word hero should never be used in such a glib fashion.
Please check for the buyer reviews and ratings of Dell Studio XPS 9100 Desktop- Intel® CoreTMi7-930 (2.80GHz), Genuine Windows® 7 Home Premium, 64bit, 8 gb ddr3, 2 TB HD , NVIDIA GeForce G310 512MB, Single Drive: 16X CD/DVD burner (DVD+/-RW) w/double layer write capability,10/100/1000 (Gigabit) Ethernet , wireless from the merchant’s website by click on the link below.
One of the inherent down sides to the Canadian comedy scene is of size – both of the numbers of comics and the numbers of Canadians. That audiences can still see people Like Mike Wilmot, Tim Steeves and Barry Kennedy at clubs – for relatively cheap floors me. Oh sure Tim is writing for Rick Mercer, Barry is doing all kinds of things including being an author and Mike is ripping it up in Australia and England for large chunks of the year – but still. This country should be rewarding comedians at that level handsomely – they should be celebrated.
2 1/2 tsp. yeast
James 1:2-4: “Count it all joy, my brothers, when you meet trials of various kinds, for you know that the testing of your faith produces steadfastness. And let steadfastness have its full effect, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.”
Sunshine obesity!
Dinner: Vegetables
Water, Pencil and Notebook.
1 (18.25 ounce) package lemon cake mix. Bake as directed, adding zest of one lemon to cake batter.
There are two main reasons why we do not ponder what our purpose is to begin with. Barely being able to make ends meet is almost guaranteeing you making it on to the slippery slope of perpetual unhappiness. In order for you to ponder the question of your life’s purpose and to actively pursuing it requires quiet time. Not only audibly but also mental quietness. Fewer thoughts are better and deeper thoughts. That can be a stretch if your brain is cluttered with worries how to provide for yourself and family. Second biggie is that you treat happiness as a final goal, a final destination. Happiness describes a snap shot in time when that occurs and we treat it as if permanent and long term happiness is even attainable. Celebrities get to “enjoy” a caveat of this in that they are surrounding by “friends” that tend to tell them what they want to hear instead of having the candor to say what needs saying. Happiness describes the path and not the final destination.
Reading the material from sites like this, this and this has made me quite dismayed at the state of the modern dating scene – it’s a tough world out there girls. But it has also given me a fantastic insight into the way modern men think and what they desire in a partner.
This, of course, comes from a renowned educator...or not. The same guy who a few weeks ago was praising the casting of notorious traitor, Jane Fonda, as Nancy Reagan while simultaneously accusing all Vietnam veterans of being war criminals.
There’s no wit, charm or humor. There’s no satire or bite. I kept wondering, what would Billy Wilder have done with this?
my LILY.
If we examine these verses we see that they include:
Now in this new state I was new! But the lies followed. I was smaller than all these 7th graders who had al already hit puberty. Soon people were making fun of my name because it can be shortened but I go with the long version. I like my name long it makes me feel special. Anyways the made fun of that, my ugly haircut, my cheap clothes, me being smart, my purity, the fact I’ve never had a girlfriend, and a whole lot more. Eventually I though hey look high school is a few weeks away. A fresh start. I was wrong.
I chose Giant Flowers along with Art Philosophy. Are you tired of my flower projects yet? My goal is to make all the flowers in the cart. So far I've made the lotus, daisy, ashley, and poppy. So I have three more: peony, rose, and the hibiscus. Today I'm showing the peony. Originally the peony was suppose to be part of the fall wild flower bouquet that I showed for the blog hop over the weekend. But the peony does not have a bottom, its made in a ring with no backing. You can see in the sneak peak, the purple showing at the bottom is the background paper, you can also see the leaf stems peaking through too. I was not sure how I would make a bouquet of peonies, attaching the stem would be tricky. So I ended up making a home decor project, wall art. Again its Fall theme using the same paper as the Wild Flower Bouquet, CTMH Dreamin'.
The Loosh is back in school and I'm blogging again. The two things are related.
The beauty queen posed as a 14-year-old girl as part of an undercover operation to target sexual predators in the US.
Today I received a letter from the organisation of the Maison et Objet that 'Mariska Meijers Amsterdam' has been selected by their Committee to receive the label of Special Archi Designer which according to the letter "you receive for your know-how, your recoginized expertise and your custom-made production for large-scale projects". A wonderful reward for all the hard work last year!
Threads - to match the cotton fabrics from Ditto.
Grace and his colleagues try to find Michael – seemingly an impossible task. They don’t know if he is in danger, but they don’t want to take any chances…meanwhile, time is running out for Michael. With no food or water and no way of attracting help, he is getting desperate. And the one person who should be able to help seems intent on remaining silent…
A well-proportioned diet will result to a conditioned memory. Excessive oily foods may block the memory, studies show. If you cannot eliminate a bad diet, gradually cut down your intake of these memory-inhibiting foods. This is not only beneficial to the memory, but it changing your diet to a balancing one will lead to a more fulfilling life too.
Cartridge: Once Upon a Princess-Butterfly
1) Massachusetts - 46% appealed (36% affirmed, 64% modified/reversed)
Brush tops with milk. Bake at 375 degrees for 20 minutes or until golden brown.
Thank you all for hanging in with me. I hope you all have a wonderful Easter. I will be spending the day with my family, both immediate and extended. I'll be at church celebrating and then off to my aunt and uncle's house for food, egg hunts, karaoke, lots of laughter, and then some more food!
Rowena did not have a chance to figure out a way around that sword or the young man holding it. She was lifted off the floor from behind, and Warrick commanded, "Put that away, Bernard, and go and wake the cook." But the moment the boy had left to do as bidden, the hard voice turned softly menacing to whisper in her ear, "If you had not earned a punishment before, wench, you have now—but first I must feed you."
Do you still write at all?
Thanks for taking a peek - off to shower! Cathy xx :)
That they were fired because they just weren’t cutting it,
(Data source: CEIC, Finance Ministry, BBS, Bangladesh Bank, IMF, and my own calculations which can be wrong).
James Gerard Geyer, 41, Rockville Centre, N.Y.
Bag-Sam Moon
This production by Willy Deckers (revival direction by Francois de Carpentries) strips the work of overt references to small town life, englishness and the sea, the intention being to focus on the extraordinary psychological power of the work and make the crowd versus individual theme more abstract and universal. The stark chiaroscuro of the set seems rooted in the dense atmosphere of the score and though this production veers perhaps a little close to Regie tropes for comfort (enormous diagonally painted panels), supported by the superb lighting it works very well at what it tries to achieve. Choreography of crowd scenes is often very impressive and as a concept the whole thing is well thought out and executed.
(Feeling a tug by the Holy Spirit to share my depth of faith)
Since I love labor-saving things and healthy food, I decided to try it at home. I scrubbed red potatoes and chunked them up, boiled them, and mashed them with non-dairy milk. They aren’t “pretty” potatoes, but they taste good.
It's beer: five different types of hops.
Miners against fascism -Wales and the Spanish Civil War - Hywel Francis
I still love and collect dolls... and was surprised to see them displayed in the library
But, it does seem unavoidable that the threat of radical Islam will not be one of the big issues for some time yet. Whilst Islam seems to be in the news most days, the mainstream media isn’t yet ready to accept that the Government could have a hand in tackling the problems that we face. Part of the reason for this is that levelling criticism directly at one subset of the population is fraught with difficulties. Until the political establishment (not just in the UK) makes it clear that it seriously acknowledges the threat that radical Islam poses, we cannot expect the media to follow.
2011 ended and you heard nothing from me. I finally intended to get my act together last night - it was the 11th, I was on the 11th floor and I wanted to blog about 2011... so I waited a day!
where before
You might want to give him a gift. Of course a ring is nice, and sets the scene but you could always spend that money on something he really wants. Like a Jetski.
It’s the day of the Budget in the UK today, and so thoughts naturally turn to money, or these days, the lack of it.
Steve Reddy of course went on to create Equal Vision Records. He and Dave Stein would put on the best hc shows ever back in the 80's. Albany was hit by everyone that was touring back then.
Ignore your lawn – even if they look brown and unattractive, lawns do come back to life with a little bit of rain. Don’t cut your grass too short, and leave the clippings on the lawn to act as a mulch.
Second turn and I managed to pull the good charges in, but with a stupid mistake as follows. Both her jacks were behind small walls, but just far enough to fit my jacks’ bases! So I gave a focus to Torch who charged the Juggernaut (he gets pathfinder on charges, so he crossed the wall) and did some damage. Marksman shoots against a fellow Widowmaker, the aforementioned spell upkept by the caster, and kills another Widowmaker with it, making the reminding one fail a command check. Then I remembered about the awesome feat Ms. eSorscha has, and decided that even though I already charged and did some damage with Torch and the Marksman, it was STILL worth to pop. Yes, it’s THAT good. So she pops her feat, gives boundless charge to the Destroyer, and a focus full jack charges 9 inches through a wall and into the enemy Destroyer. Needless to say after 3 hacks with double damage he was scrap metal.
10 Definite Don'ts Of Great Hair Care
Gerrymandering and malapportionment have been serious issues for decades, and were exacerbated after the 1969 racial riots. What makes the ‘old’ issues more salient is the competitiveness of the upcoming polls, as these factors have been shown to influence outcomes in the past.
The flowers in the window boxes give the front a little extra color, though I still think it desperately needs some shrubbery to disguise the concrete block foundation the house was set up on.
There are many delicious places to eat at Hawaii. Ome good place is ACE Express where ypu can eat some delicious local food.
( don't read if you love mice!)
Now don’t get me wrong, I still consider myself a Catholic and still go to my Catholic church too. It is comforting to me because of its sameness. I can let my mind wander and speak to God in my head and not miss a beat of the familiar ceremony. The choir at my church is superb, especially at Christmas time, and I love to just sit and listen. Music and singing move my soul. My Catholic church was a place of refuge for me to go to after my divorce. I would sit in the back row, with tears streaming down my face for the entire service. Some of the regulars would pat my shoulder as I passed by, and gave me comfort. I was too embarrassed to seek professional help or even go and talk to a priest, but felt I got it in the back pew of the church every Sunday.
That face that somehow I trust.
There were no vultures on the roof of the pink house. All aeroplanes at the aerodrome were tied down. I didn't buy any books at Jabberwocky. The raw felafel at Revitalive was delicious. And I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep.
Another factor that raises serious doubts about the Norwegian authorities’ view on terrorism and organizations that advocate such measures is its preferential treatment of well-known terrorists living in the country. The most famous example is of course Mullah Krekar, who has been residing in Norway for nearly twenty years, and who is constantly praising the use of terrorist attacks and is a passionate advocate of the introduction of a worldwide Islamic Caliphate. Norwegian authorities have numerous times stated that they don’t intend to deport him, nor do they intend to place him under arrest. Mullah Krekar is a free man living on Norwegian welfare benefits, and according to some he is still running his vast terrorist network from the relative safe haven of Norway. If Norway had been a serious partner in the fight against international terrorism, and if Norwegian authorities had been truly opposed to all types of terrorist activities, Mullah Krekar would have been extradited to the US a long time ago enabling US intelligence agencies to interrogate him, something which they have requested numerous times, but which the Norwegian authorities have declined.
The only thing that is different about my friendship with her is that I have to be a little more considerate about certain things. In writing "Mine", I can't tell my story with Tyler without talking about Colby. When it comes to that, I've made sure to talk to her about it all first. Not because I need her permission, but because I respect her enough to do so. Our friendship is worth those kinds of precautions, to me.
an offer to license Motorola Mobility's SEPs, subject to certain conditions, and (b)
count and border, and instantly know how much fabric you’ll need for your project. Calculations are rounded up to the nearest full inch; it’s not precise but it’s more than enough to help you determine your stitching needs.
Needless to say they were mighty good! A little point heavy because I couldn’t find the smaller 1 pt wheat tortillas but still good and worth eating! I am happy about this because I have found something new to add to my growing lists of healthy meals to help me stay on track. Amazing how I don’t feel as if I’m really working at this whole weight loss/life change thing and that makes it so much easier for me. I love trying new things!
I really loved some of the necklaces and I will hopefully get to a store sometime in the upcoming week. What did you think of Betsey Johnson?
The developers need an zoning change unusual to the low-scale area to make the buildings happen, and there's plenty of opposition, including the Cobble Hill Association and two groups called the Baltic and Warren Street Neighbors and the Columbia Waterfront Association. However, the developers come armed with a pre-certified ULURP (uniform land use review process), which mean in the words of Craig Hammerman, CB6 District Manager, that "they’re pretty much ready to go, and that the application would be certified not too long after our meeting."
I just got done watching the season finale of Justified. God, I love that show.
All of the party sit at the table at Moskk’s Insistence, via multiple hand waves indicating such.
Surf Coast Shire Mayor Brian McKiterick says its important owners register their cats.
What did my father do 7 years ago when I reached puberty? He sat me down and told me the facts and how it all happens. Every time I leave the house he jokingly says he will draw blood when I return and have me tested. He jokes, but it has sunk in so deep now, I think about the consequences every time I see a gorgeous girl.
In any event, the book features some truly stunning and imaginative work: the organic blobs of Anders Pearson, the Duchampesque watercolor scrawls of Casey Camp, Henrik Rehr's shifting currents of densely packed lines, Mike Getsiv's suggestive, boldly colored swirls, Warren Craghead and Richard Hahn's mastery of panel rhythms, the unexpected visual gag inserted into Geoff Grogan's multimedia collage, Alexey Sokolin's forbidding stormclouds of black scratching, Andy Bleck's sensual scribble figures, Derik Badman's renderings of only background fragments from old Tarzan comics, the multiple contributors who turned in dense, virtuoso ink pieces towards the end of the book. Not everything here is at the same high level, but it's a surprisingly consistent anthology, unified by its theme and Molotiu's commitment to including pieces that advance his definition of this particular approach to comics. What's best about the book is how open its territory ultimately is, how much room it leaves for artists to come up with their own ideas about abstraction and sequence. It is a truly groundbreaking book that points the way towards a whole new conception of comics and challenges readers and artists alike to explore this new area. [buy]
Answer: COKE. But I rarely drink soda anymore. Is it soda or is it pop? I'm from Illinois and I think I used to say pop, but here in Wisconsin it is soda. Oh my - they have converted me! I'm ONE of them!
So… I shall be more careful of what I say, and put some thinking process before opening my gob – at least not wear my heart on the sleeve at all times.
Whisk egg and sour cream together in a small bowl. Stir into flour mixture with a rubber spatula until large clumps form. Using your hands, knead lightly until dough comes together and no dry flecks of flour remain. Be careful to not overwork to keep your shortcakes tender.
Here’s Marlow, from Conrad’s Heart of Darkness, on the “twisted, ruined, tin-pot steamboat” he’s fighting to restore for his epic river journey:
Reading into every word you say
* The textures (canvas, felt)
It took their combined effort, but the benches were successfully pinned down till the fluctuation passed.
Boffo! Top marks for taste and texture. I could eat these every day and never grow tired of them (though I'd be even fatter than I am now).
The right person for this job will have experience on a vegetable farm, be interested in all things “fresh, local, farm-to-table and sustainably grown, have an interest in this unique, contemporary farm-to-table (0pen weekends, pre-fixe, reservations only, 24 seats) and the farm as well.
Ethics. Whew that one word says a lot to me right now. I recently read one of my teacher’s papers on that topic recently and wished I had read it sooner. It might have saved us all a lot of grief, and avoided a lot of hurt feelings and the sense of betrayal felt by quite a few. What is done is done, though, and cannot be undone. Time will have to heal these hurts and we will all move on with our lives.
Things are brought back under control out front and the guests seem happy. An acquaintance pulls Mildred aside while she’s greeting guests and tells her it’s a terrible shame about the dead little kid. Bad timing, lady. Mildred manages to thank her, then hustles back to the kitchen to keep working and stay distracted. As she’s frying away, Veda comes back and excitedly tells her that none other than Monty Beragon has come in to Mildred’s humble establishment. Mildred takes a second to decide whether she should confess to knowing him, then asks Veda who he is. Veda gushes all over about how he plays polo and lives in Pasadena and he’s just soooo dreamy. Bert and Wally come back too to say how awesome it is that Monty’s come in and discuss how he found out about the place. It goes on and on and finally Monty appears and everyone shuts up. Mildred goes to greet him and he asks her why she didn’t say anything about Rae. Uh, who calls up their one-night stand and tells them that their kid just died? He mentions that Veda told him, which is incredibly bizarre. What’s she doing, running around telling everyone in the place about her dead sister? This kid needs to work on her social skills even worse than I thought. Monty presents Mildred with some flowers, and she thanks him before introducing him to Bert and Wally. Then Ida comes in and orders everyone to clear out of the kitchen, quite rightly.
Remember, back then at the beginning of March, it had been dry in England for a long time, so this came as a bit of a shock! (And it feels like we brought it back home with us!) .
5. Because Sam doesn't take as many medications anymore, his bed area doesn't look quite so much like the Starship Enterprise...perhaps more like the dashboard of a single engine jet.
Quick summary: Cornelius, Zira, and Milo manage to salvage Taylor’s spaceship and escape before the nuclear bomb from BTPOTA explodes. They are thrown back in time to 1973 where Cornelius and Zira eventually become media celebrities and targets of suspicion from the government while Milo becomes the victim of an overzealous gorilla. They decide to hide the truth about Earth’s future, but the truth is eventually forced out of a now pregnant Zira. The president orders the baby terminated and the two sterilized, so they go on the lam. Both are eventually killed by federal agents, but their was safely stashed away in a zoo to prevent the feds from killing him.
Today was all about listening to my body, what was the best variation for me today. Sometimes it is easy to become secretly competitive “obviously I’m going to take the most difficult variation!” For me personally there’s always this inner guilt that I am being lazy if I don’t try the hardest version of a pose. THIS IS NOT TRUE. and this is something I have to constantly remind myself. Some days I can push harder and try things that are difficult, but other days I need to back off. By listening to my body I took cues for what was really the best variation to be doing today, the one that doesn’t hurt my arm, the one that feels good and the one that is the best match for today.
Hi! It is that time again, time for another Digi release from Clear Dollar Stamps! :)
I doubt he'll make it to Yarmouth though I might be wrong. By the time he gets to Yarmouth it will be after ten. His little man might be in bed then but won't stay asleep for long, and as for the woman he loves, because he has repeatedly told her so, I wouldn't bet on her having a quiet night either.
Cuba Standard:
“Why must they include so much characters in it?”, “God, they shouldn’t have made Spider-Man apart of a team!”, “This is barely even based off of Ultimate Spiderman”. Before I get onto this subject fully, I’d like to say one thing, if you don’t like the show, then don’t watch it. How hard is that? It’s like eating something you don’t want to eat. Now, back onto characters. The characters, I think, add a nice touch to the show. For those of you who hate the characters in the show, think about it….. Marvel wants people to know about their lesser known characters (something that DC fails to accomplish). Someday people will get bored of seeing the same spider-man movies and sequels every two years or so. People want to see something different. They want to introduce these characters, to get them known, so people can know who they are before a movie could possibly come out about them. For example, The Avengers. They introduced a tv series for youth to know who they are and for them to go to see the movie. About two years from now, these characters can probably helm their own moviesor might even have a spin-off series (Heroes for Hire). Then appreciate this show with their characters, what other time have you seen spider-man with hulk on tv show? You people always want Marvel to expand it’s universe more and more, about how do you expect them to do that when you can’t even deal with four heroes in the series other than Spider-Man?
When I use the drop spindle I usually prepare and then spin 1 thin layer at the time. When using the spinning wheel it could be more practical to prepare several “nests” of fibers so you have a supply handy when you sit down to spin.
1. Excessive alcohol is consumed by people who probably shouldn’t drink much or at all
With only the faint scent of you remaining.
Who were your parents?
1 contribution
I’m happy sitting on the shaded north-facing deck, and the dinner wind gusts a few desultory little puffs with no edge. At 5 p.m. gull traffic overhead – shadows and wing flaps – commuters, heading along the bluff in pairs or trios or individuals.
Not to mention, I’m going to have to create a whole separate excel spreadsheet so I can track earn-out. On this royalty statement, the advance paid isn’t listed. So it’s going to be up to the agency to track it so we know when the title has earned out because that info isn’t on the statement.
I am being drafted to run for U.S. Congress in District 1 of Utah, the current seat held by Rep. Rob Bishop. I have created an Exploratory Committee to see about the viability of that race. Rep. Rob Bishop has represented our state for the last 10 years, and many feel it is time for him to turn the reigns over to someone else, especially after his vote on the…
All in all a fun day of shooting (at least with the AR) but damned I used some PMC ammo for most of it and it was seriously dirty when I sat down to clean her up. Took hours to get all the fouling out of her.
and let not the sweet moments pass till old.
What if I agree to donate my vital organs when I’m no longer around? Then how can I review the people on the transplant list? I might conceivably give new life to someone of whom I disapprove?
Some of the notable new courses offered to the students this year include -Financial Engineering, Managing Entrepreneurial Firms and Family Business, International Marketing, Retail Management.
Here are my goals for this week:
Typically, your caterer will run your bar. Most provide everything from glassware, bartenders, and nonalcoholic drinks to mix with the spirits. What they serve, however, is negotiable; as is the amount you'll spend.
Ahhhh.....Finally what i've been waiting for .......I finally have a scrap buddy!!
I really really do love character design, and this comic totally pushes me into animation even more so. I just got accepted to SCAD- and they have a great animation program! I'm so excited! (and also nervous~~!)
Concealed Secret agent Surveillance cameras – Are They All So Well Liked?
and did not use Kashmiri chili powder and also used milk instead of cream. May be good as party dish, try some time. I fried paneer; if you don’t want you can skip that part. You can either fry the onion with ginger and garlic and green chilies, or boil the onion with water and grind into paste and then fry onion paste with ginger, garlic and green chili. I did the former step. Here goes the recipe.
Key Lime Pie.
They really do. I know they're not shiny and gadgety but if you're like me and have no idea how to boil water a cookbook can be the perfect addition to your kitchen.
What’s wrong? I just realized that I’m in love with you. And you’re making me falling even more. That’s what’s wrong. I wanted to tell her but I didn’t. I just met her gaze and gave her my word that nothing’s wrong. It was the first time I had ever lied to her.
Jesus is at work today, he speaks on our behalf to God.
We have 24 hours or 1,440 minutes or 86,4000 seconds in a day. When you think in terms of 30 minute blocks of time, it seems like we must waste so much time throughout the day, right? I mean, if you sleep 8 hours a night then that leaves you 32 thirty minute blocks throughout the day. That just blew my mind – 32 thirty minute blocks!?!?!?
Spain’s economy has been booming in recent decades and is now the fifth largest in Europe, with that Spain’s economy faces some risks, which include the potential for a housing market collapse, changing demographic profile, and continued loss of competiveness. Spain’s purchasing power is at 1.361 trillion, official gdp exchange rate is at 1.439 trillion with a per capita of 33,600 with a gdp growth rate of 3.8 percent as of 2007. Spain also boost a labor force of 22.19 million and that is broken down into 5.3% works in agriculture, 30.1% is industry and 64.6 percent is in the services area. It was estimated in 2007 that Spain had an 8.3% unemployment rate and that roughly 20% of the population lived below the poverty line (2005). Spain’s budget has revenues of $588.5 billion and expenditures of $556.5 billion. Some of their agricultural products include, grain, vegetables, olives, wine grapes, citrus, dairy products and fish. Some of their main industries include Apparel, textiles, metal manufacturers, shipbuilding, automobiles, machine tools, medical equipment and refractory products. Spain has $256.7 billion in exports and imports of $380.2 billion, with the U.S making up about 5% of Spain’s exports. Spain uses the Euro and current exchange rates with the U.S as of Thursday October 30 are 1 U.S dollar equals .78229 Euros and 1 Euro would equal $1.27830.
I’ve interviewed some ex-TM officials and they have informed me that even amongst the examiners only Senior Examiners may examine trademark applications. Mere ‘Examiners’ are Group B officers without a degree in law and are hence not allowed to examine trademark applications. The above statistics may appear bone-chilling but it is still an improvement over the previous year of 2009-10, which has been discussed below:
As a reporter I learned not to be too precious about my writing - you’re part of a team, not an artiste. As an editor I learned to cut text - probably the most essential skill for a writer.
While verbal abuse seems difficult to define but easy to commit, you can change your ways! How? It’s pretty simple, whenever you feel annoyed or in an ‘aggressive’ mood, stay calm! There’s no need for insults or verbal attacks. Breathe deeply, count to ten and suggest that the other persons’ actions may have annoyed you.
5. Terre D’Hermes- Hermes Terre D’Hermes is a plant & mineral scent combining heaven & earth. Blends citrus accents, mineral notes of flint with plants & spices. Designed for men who is simple & complex, tender & determined. Top notes of grapefruit, orange, flint. Middle notes of pepper, geranium leaves, patchouli. Base notes of cedar, vetiver, benzoin.
Sheffield’s Botanical Gardens officially opened in 1836. The following year Charles Dickens began work on ‘Oliver Twist’. We feel this makes the Botanical Gardens a perfect place to celebrate our City Read. So that’s what we’re going to do…
But despite having this relatively well-paying gig, which came with the perk of living in a charming cottage on 23rd Street and Seventh Avenue rent free, Captain Lark was a miserable jerk who mercilessly beat his wife. Lark's life came to a disturbing end one morning while his son was preparing him breakfast:
1Thes 5:16 Rejoice evermore.
Reheat sweet potatoes in the microwave until piping hot. Divide evenly between four plates. Top with stuffed mushrooms, then drizzle with port reduction. Serve immediately, optionally with braised kale or green of choice.
· Elvis Presley
For the great beginning **** but overall, I fear, ***
in different cities
Though from an affluent family, Leonard never let it go to his head and took it upon himself to try all the flavor that life had to offer. It was only when he returned to California in the mid Eighties that his life took an unusual turn - or at least as unusual a turn as a half-man, half-centipede could experience in his lifetime.
Of course chutney’s of tamarind, or coconut could be great accompaniment, but for my daughters and me, it best when eaten with a good book in hand and a cup of coffee.
He could never be alone
Clair and (Please) Lose Yourself In Me have a noisy feel and would eventually lead to the sound that is in You Made Me Realise.
Some people will do anything to avoid it. Even trade their immortal souls for endless existence.
This free association thinking lead me to myself. My body. . . My body is like the earth. I have seas of water, soil growing new tissue, an atmosphere that renews and cleanses itself, my cells perform a form of photosynthesis, and I have seasons. Last spring, the time of the heart, I was sad. Lonely. I longed for more human connections. I felt the need and urges to ground myself after a long, intense winter of the mind. As I moved into summer I essentially shut my mind off and lived fully in my body. I ran and played and drank lots of beer and sang and laughed, behaved like an animal doing just whatever I felt like, grazing as I wished, storing up vitamin D in my skin, muscles on my bones, joy in my heart, and fat in my brain (as I didn't call on it to work much). As the fall approached I felt the shift. The dog days of summer were over. The time of the club and foot had ended. The leaves are now falling in spades and I am feeling a wealth of abundance from my harvest. I feel sharp. and ready to dig deeper.
It just looked so old fashioned, and of course it was pink :-) That was about six years ago.
After Recess Monkey completed the live recording, they worked their magic and presto: In Tents was born (we may have just glossed over an incredible amount of work). The album will be featured in a series of kid-friendly, rock-tastic shows beginning in May on select Saturdays and Sundays through July. Boogie down with the whole family at this circus spectacular that features performers from Teatro ZinZanni‘s renowned dinner shows, as well as Seattle circus stars of tomorrow. Arrive early for pre-show activities and snacks!
The costs are as follows:
So I tuck it all away, like everything’s okay
I shot the nude 5 months before she came down!
My Favorite Wife – 0
Sentiment: There She Goes Stamps (Confidential set), flowers (Fiskars Ink by Steph Skin & Bones collection)
Welcome home Prada!
Personally, Satan knows when to play "You are not worth anything" card on me. When I am trying to tend to my family...(you're not a good mom or wife)....getting things done for school event (noone is going to notice that) ... when I think I'm doing something good ..(thats dumb)... he whispers it in my ear. When I am seeking God's direction for myself or family...(God doesnt have time for that)....he is there whispering it in my ear. Even when I sit down to write a blog post..(noone reads this and you're not doing anyone any good)... he's whispering it in my ear. Whether through his own whispers or the use of others, Satan tries to make us feel less worthy. As we listen to Satan's lies we grant others the opportunity to determine our worth. He knows that many times our worth is in direct relation with what others have said about us. Instead of letting others define us we need to reflect on what is true. I am a child of God's and a treasured possession.
Brendan: Um, it seems like they are just about equal.
8. The Kinks "Have a Cuppa Tea" 3:42
Tomorrow is Christmas Eve! Odds are you've watched Miracle on 34th Street and visited family, smooched a bit under the mistletoe (thank you Pagans!), and have had your fill of figgy pudding. If not...you better get hopping 'cause you're losing daylight folks. I thought I'd share how we do our wrapping in the hope of pulling more mommas away from the huge mess and waste that comes from gift wrap.
We are offered the opportunity to visit hell and to come back into the light alive, to be chopped up into little pieces and surface intact. They are an adrenalising endurance test that pushes you to a psychological and physical limit. They have a shuddering and breathtaking intensity, a morbid sense of exaltation. We are reminded of our carnal selves, infinitely vulnerable to infinite kinds of
A couple of books i borrowed from the library today. I am really in love with motivational books!
Just look at all the things that I did 'better' at last year!! How in the world could I end the year disappointed with myself about my resolutions? My hopes are that this year the continued improvements and building on the things that I did last year will show a noticeable difference.
The Blue Men are particular favourites of mine, having written about them in my own mythical journey round the tales of Britain, Coll the Storyteller's Tales of Enchantment. This is how I described them:
In fact, if you need me....
Psalm 119 speaks bountifully of the need for The Word of God in our lives for guidance, discipline, and support at the heart or spirit level (notice the words: heart, meditate, rejoice, delight, behold, open my eyes – all of which speak of the effect of the Word at the ‘spirit” level of awareness). Here is just a sample: …
Boy oh boy... the holidays have never been as tough for me as this year is. Down almost 100 pounds now, it's soooo easy to say things like... "Oh, it's just this one bite" or "It's Christmas, I can nibble on this or that"
Thursday 08 March: Conference day for NGOs working in the field of nuclear energy.
On Tuesday, protesters urged people to wear black, calling the day “Black Tuesday,” evoking memories of a similarly titled press crackdown in the 1970s under white rule. Demonstrators picketed outside of Parliament in Cape Town and in front of A.N.C. headquarters here.
Gee. So Karen Crouse had the unmitigated gall to point out that the sponsoring organization of a major event on her beat is run by a bunch of Neanderthals. Until fairly recently, publicly remarking on such a fact was considered “journalism.” It was also considered “holding the powerful accountable,” “refusing to truckle to sexist shitheads” and “introducing a desperately needed note of reality into an industry and a national conversation that has grown lethally surreal,” among other things.
Piercing: HoD & Tableau Vivant – TV 10 – Slide (part of the new “Sent To Destroy” line!)
This selection, in alphabetical order and no particular stylee, are songs banned specifically by the BBC.
baby we moved mountains last night
Any thoughts? Ideas? Suggestions?
Lexicon word of the day: asperity.
Today, the home is still impressive in its ability to reflect colonial, federal and Victorian design, all of which were very popular during the period it was built. One unique piece of memorabilia that sits at the back of the house is an old mill stone which was used in one of the early mills of Huntington Harbor from 1752-1930. It was given the to Historical Society in 1951.
First, son Seth and friends started the MLB baseball season touring stadiums "back east." After watching my beloved Tigers at Comerica park in downtown Detroit, he called and asked for my "boyhood address." Soon thereafter, my cell phone vibrated and the following visual message appeared:
2 The Lord of the Rings – JRR Tolkien
Build templates to enforce a specific structure as writers create new content. Templates determine the model of the content and provide the writers with a blank structure to “fill in”. Key phrases, such as “In this section, you will learn:” to begin every concept module, can be preset in the template for 100% consistency. Using templates, the writers will begin to build new habits of working within consistent patterns.
Fancy this: You're rushing through the London rain-late to your appointment, getting soaked and cursing your luck-when suddenly you find yourself in a wholly unfamiliar place chatting with a crazy old man by the name of Cosimo. He not only knows everything about you but claims to be your great-grandfather. And then, before you know it, you are hurled into the midst of an unlikely adventure involving the hidden dimensions of the universe.
This project perfectly shows off the eclips' ability to score.
“But when you saw me you did.” His comfort came in the shape of a smile. “Over the socks.”
One one moment the sun in shining,
Drink/eat/gum/cheese stick/ham/meat/hot dog/candy/noodles/broccoli/apple juice
Alfa is the popular 4-rings butterfly which is the upper one of the two. I modified it slightly by tatting a head for the butterfly with a SSSR which is also to tidy-up the ends, instead of tying a knot. I also used the SSSR to finish the ends at the head of Birte which means that I had changed the starting point when I tatted it.
One of the worst things about bigotry is the fact that people are prejudiced against something that many times the other person can’t help. I don’t know many gay people who were overjoyed when they realized they were gay. I don’t know many people of color who haven’t lamented, at least once, the fact that they weren’t born something else. No one ever wants to be different, but they can’t always help it. And it doesn’t help to be hated for what you can’t change.
It feels weird that I'm the same weight I was pre-pregnancy, but my body is not the same shape. My clothes all fit different, and I have a pouch on my lower belly. I'm hoping exercise will help me firm that up some... we'll see.
Since 2001 the major preoccupation of the process has been the establishment of sound funding for this portfolio of projects and programs. To this end, the International Consortium on the Cooperative Development of the Nile (ICCON) was created and held its first meeting in Geneva (ICCON 1) in June 2001, at which it received pledges from donors of US$120 million over a six to eight-year time frame. ICCON’s long-term aim as a partnership of riparian states and the international community is to promote joint funding, transparency, and more broadly to raise support for the NBI. One of the key process issues is the establishment of a multidonor Nile Basin Trust Fund to provide “streamlined, cost-effective funding … which would consolidate donor support and ensure the clarity and cohesiveness of the program” (NBI, 2000). Following Parliamentary approval of the NBI’s new international organization status under Ugandan law in September 2002, it was envisaged that the NTF would shortly come under the management of the Nile Basin Secretariat.
Cd1: Never Walk Away; Like A Sunshower; Change For The Better; Wildest Dream; Faith In The Heartland; After All These Years; Where Did I Lose Your Love; What I Needed; What It Takes To Win; Turn Down The World Tonight; The Journey (Revelation).
The next 5 weeks are going to be crazy, I am scrambling to find a home in VA and finalizing all the moving details. I am so fortunate that my husband medically retired from the Air Force almost a year ago and that the military will be handling moving all of our belongs, boy does that take a load off of me.
To offer two relevant examples, since psychopaths are very often addicted to sex and power, especially when the two are combined. If the psychopath is fooling a new victim with his mask of sanity, pretending to be a caring, loving, loyal and committed family man while lying to her and sleeping around, would you want to lead this kind of double life? Would you want to be with a man who leads such a double life, lied to and cheated on by the person you love and trust? You’ve been in her shoes before and you hated that position enough to get out of the relationship. You never want to be in that situation again. You have enough self-respect that you never want to be with a partner who is so shallow, callous and duplicitous ever again. There’s nothing enviable or desirable about BEING like that or BEING WITH someone like that. As you make your bed so you must lie in it.
That's probably enough. Until tomorrow...
Batch Size: 5.50 gal
To preface this post, I need to say that I usually don't do Halloween. Not only am I tired after making costumes for other people, so that I don't feel like making my own, but I haven't been invited to a Halloween party in years.
The cover and info on the next edition of Doctor Who Monster Invasion magazine:
I would view John Thorpe as Jane Austen’s least successful rogue. I do not if I could even call him a rogue. He seemed so coarse, ill-mannered and not very bright. With his flashy wardrobe and penchant for mild profanity, I have doubts that he could attract any female, including one that was desperate for a husband. And his joke on Catherine Moreland seemed so . . . unnecessary. Here are the actors that portrayed John Thorpe:
Important note regarding car seats and winter in general: Please, for the love of safety, do not put your baby in a bulky or fluffy snow suit or coat. The fabrics compress in a crash and leave room for the baby to fly out of the seat. One test to see if the coat is too bulky? Put the baby in the car seat while wearing it and tighten the straps appropriately. Then, without loosening the straps, take the baby out and remove the coat. Put the baby back in the seat without changing the tightness of the straps. With a fluffy snowsuit your reaction will probably be OMG THERE IS SO MUCH SLACK THAT IS SO SCARY OMG WHY DO THEY EVEN SELL THESE THINGS? We use a one-layer fleece jacket and the above fleece carseat cover and she's perfectly warm. If she needs to come out of her carseat and be in the cold, I bring a warm blanket, but really - when does that ever happen? Once she's out of the infant seat it will occur more, but that's when the ingenius "backwards coat" trick comes into play - once they are strapped into the carseat, put their big heavy fluffy coat over them backwards. Brilliant!
But more than that, I think it’s about living in such a temporary situation. I’ve had 10 addresses in 2 and 1/2 years in Brighton, preceded by 48 addresses in 3 years in Spain. Yes, I pay the rent, and the bills, and am a good tenant…so why? you may well ask. Why, indeed?! Not by choice, I assure you! I need to feel like I have a home. Cooking – self-nurturing through meal preparation – is my way of home-making.
Freedom is partial to no race. Freedom has no religion. Freedom favors no ethnicity. Freedom discriminates not between rich and poor countries. Inevitably freedom will overwhelm Ethiopia. —Eskinder Nega
Another example, this goal was to sweep and mop the dining room/office/music room/art studio. It has a piano (upright-not grand!) a dining table that is meant for 1 less person than we routinely have dining there, a kid’s computer desk, my office/art studio/music room (ego stroking again, it is just another computer desk) and a pie safe used as a pantry. Each of these objects are surrounded by art boxes, file boxes, hobby boxes. So we push these boxes under the table to sweep/ mop 1 corner. Then push boxes back, and push another stack under computer desk to sweep mop there. We keep pushing boxes into the one empty space, trying not to trap ourselves. It is quite challenging. And usually right when we are 2 steps from done, something happens. A kid gets hurt (he kicked me Mom!), sick; the phone rings; a toddler needs to potty; the stove timer beeps, time to go to scouts/rehearsal/friends etc. So we learn to live with the boxes in the new location for a few days(weeks, months) until we can get back to that project.
I only added a little bit of patterned paper from Follow Your Heart Be Happy 6x6 Designer Paper Pad by My Mind's Eye since I wanted Rosie to be the star of the show. =) The sentiment is also part of the collection.
‘Nothing like going anywhere, whether it is to Singapore or China,’ he said. ‘It is easy to sit here and read things that may have a particular political point of view, written from a certain perspective and find it persuasive.
Like fruit fallen to the ground. The seed revealed… germinating. Trying to take root.
This post does contain spoilers, since it is a book review of The Beyonders: A World Without Heroes, by Brandon Mull.
For the second card I have stamped and embossed the image onto patterned paper and then coloured with distress markers. I love how you can create such different looks with one stamp. My blogging friend Virginia also created this fabulous card with the same stamp, I love all the blues together, so pretty!!
media all over the world. Those news media who are penciled in for
14C IMPERIAL INDIA PALE ALE
Andrew: It was recorded during June 2011 at Peace of Eden Studio’s in the Knysna forest and was mixed back in Cape Town by Matt James at Sound and Motion studio’s.
- Assorted shades of felt in whatever colours you want. You'll need a larger amount of the main body colour and smaller pieces for the feathers and other details. You could make a "realistic" looking owl with lots of brown feathers, or use a selection of your favourite colours.
14 working
The I’m Ready Program’s attendance rate was 68% with only 55% of its students moving up to the next grade. This program costs the district $3,500 per student. Both Commissioner White and Superintendent Vargas have confirmed that this program and NorthSTAR are miserable failures.
Absalom
This must be a special kind of sugar.
Céline: You know, it’s so weird…that people think they are the only one going through tough times. I mean when I read the article I thought…your life was perfect. A wife, a kid, a published author. (Jesse laughs.) Your personal life is more of a mess than mine! I’m sorry! (Both laugh.)
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour. And about the ninth hour Jesus cried out with a loud voice, saying, “Eli, Eli, lema sabachthani?” that is, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” And some of the bystanders, hearing it, said, “This man is calling Elijah.” And one of them at once ran and took a sponge, filled it with sour wine, and put it on a reed and gave it to him to drink. But the others said, “Wait, let us see whether Elijah will come to save him.” And Jesus cried out again with a loud voice and yielded up his spirit.
As for the stuff that I didn’t like . . . well, I watched a lot of crap this year. I’m going to let some of the direct-to-DVD stuff like The Lazarus Project slide, because no one expects anything from movies like that. And though I saw BOTH Mr. Brooks and The Number 23 this year, I can’t say that they were the worst things I watched, because, like the remake of The Wicker Man, they’re just too funny to hate. However, the latest Body Snatchers movie, The Invasion, was both dull and angry-making, due to the complete cop-out at the end. And I intensely disliked The Darjeeling Limited, production values be damned, because Anderson’s little-boy-lost oeuvre has really started to grate. But for sheer worst of the year? The movie I most likely wouldn’t watch again if you paid me to? National Treasure: Book of Secrets managed to be boring, moronic, entirely too long, and a career low for Helen Mirren. La vie en rose frustrated me so much that I still can’t quite believe I watched the whole thing. But neither of these takes last place, because this year we had the fourth installment of the Indiana Jones franchise. Officially, hands-down, my least favorite movie of the year. Worse than Lost Boys 2!
1 tablespoon butter
She looked at him disdainfully.
Tell the church's story.
We can get away from this town
Today's winner is...
-Baby spinach leaves
He is a great big and younger brother.
“Hold on there” Evan interjected “it’s not Helen’s fault that you and Donna-”
Whitehorse said, "Stand up for what's right, even if you are standing alone."
Just over two months ago, on June 9th, I started a new little series within this blog, in which I proposed to write posts explicitly dealing with the process and experiences leading up to the September 15th publication of my new book: call it a log of the third trimester, if you will. I promised to be honest, to give "a backstage glimpse" of what it's like to be awaiting your book's release into the world.
She slammed the door for her last word,
The rest of my ..."To Be Thrifted" list.
This is a great urban legend-like story that makes its rounds on the internet from time to time, and it isn’t really true. I wish it was because it’s a beautiful story and it does illustrate the principle that you reap what you sow.
Comparing educational attainment and employment data from the 2000 Census to the 2009 American Community Survey confirms this. The number of people with some college jumped from 15,177 to 22,859, and those with an associate degree rose from 3,668 to 5,377. The number of those with a B.A. increased from 16,597 to 18,901 and those with graduate degrees climbed too, from 13,759 to 17,402. Finally, employment growth in the professional occupations outpaced all other sectors growing by 48% from 5,960 to 8,838. This is clearly an area that is increasingly focused on higher education coupled with employers eager to hire newly minted graduates.
I served these patties with some rice to my family and they loved it. Here is some creative ideas that you can utilize this dish. Instead of steaming process, you can make them into big patties like hamburger patties, coat with flour and egg, and fry them in the same way. It will take longer to cook and the color will be darker but they will make gorgeous chicken tofu burger with some lettuce & and tomatoes. Or just serve these little mini patties warm as an appetizer. They are perfect to bite on.
I woke up early in the morning, it was around 5.30.
According to the Saharawi human rights activists, Moroccan military may attack Saharawi workers because of these new protests against the plundering of natural resources and marginalization, at a time when the Moroccan military is apparently preparing for a visit by King Mohamed VI to the military zone of Dakhla. The activists are appealing to the MINURSO peacekeepers for protection.
People have been telling me to open an online store for years. The reality, I like thrift because it meets my family’s needs. So, I’m still on the fence about this but am willing to try. Piper once told me, “I like sitting on fences.” She meant that literally.
Tools: dimensionals
Home of C.C. Designs Rubber Stamps which is my passion, I love to see my drawings come to life on someones card or project
And now we can!
Prices range from $9.95 to $10.95.
just read this online at the nyt. every once and awhile, thomas friedman surprises me. check out his editorial "making america stupid"
Psalm 119:3… “Happy are those who obey his decrees and search for him with all their hearts. They do not compromise with evil, and they walk only in his paths” (NLT).
for the display of his splendor.
I am so PROUD to be a John and be the woman I am.
Okay and as an aside? I bought this book on a whim, Amazon had the Kindle version on sale for like 99 cents and it appeared to get decent reviews. Um, OMG THIS BOOK WAS AWFUL. I planned to read it during some downtime while in Madison and I swear, I was sitting on the exercise bike in the teeny hotel exercise room and wanted to throw the ‘book’ across the room. It’s like the Twilight books, but written even more poorly, except instead of a teenager mooning over a sparkly vampire it’s a 35-year-old chubby virgin professor mooning over a male escort. In-between giving him lessons in writing his memoirs (he, in return, taught her ‘how to please a maaaaaaaahn). It was so.freaking.awful, do not be tricked into buying it like I was. I can’t finish it and I’m the type who gets twitchy if I don’t finish a book, no matter how bad. Well: life is too short to waste on this book.
It is very similar to one I have done in the past. I have created cloud masks then added Broken china to the card. I have then used Create a tree and Find joy everyday (M Emberson). The frame is Spellbinder nestabilities Fleur de lis and I have added a wee bit of bling to the flowers.
In a subsequent radio interview, Breytenbach charged: "Critical institutions have practically imploded under our national health system, to some extent our educational system, certainly our security system. It is claimed that even under apartheid more houses were built for the poor than has been built by the new government."
my mother watching news
Here’s to a delicious season! Cheers!
½ cup salad dressing
“Run!” Aimi had said. “Run, Suzume!”
Stuckey's citation of affordable housing again signaled the developer’s new emphasis on providing housing as opposed to jobs, since the job projections have been cut significantly. (Of the projected 6860 apartments, 2250 would be designated as affordable for low-, moderate-, and middle-income people, and subsidized through tax-exempt city and state bonds.)
"Well she shouldn't have. The doctor has ordered nothing by mouth, I'm bound to follow his orders, and I've explained why it's detrimental to your health."
In 1956 Soros moved to New York City, where he worked on Wall Street, and started amassing his fortune. He specialized in hedge funds and currency speculation. Soros is absolutely ruthless, amoral, and clever in his business dealings, and quickly made his fortune. By the 1980s he was well on his way to becoming the global powerhouse that he is today.
Yesterday was Shrove Tuesday, so today is the first day of Lent, a forty day fast that takes us right up to Easter. It came about because Jesus fasted for 40 days as he walked the wilderness prior to his death on the crucifix. Foods like meat, eggs, cheese and milk were decadent and therefore they were right out during Lent. In fact there was abstinence from any activity considered decadent, and the further back in time, the stricter were the rules. In the early days of Christian Britain some people ate only bread, whilst others ate herbaceous vegetables too. As time went on to the Middle Ages, the rules became a little slacker and fish were allowed into the diet. Thomas Aquinas was a main instigator of this move.
He remembers snippits of the past
According to the press release,
After being delightfully surprised with this dish, I followed Neal's recommendation and ordered the chicken. Three of us ordered the chicken. And we all LOVED it. Although I didn't get some more pics of the food, this was the general consensus of the rest of the meal (got to get better with taking pics using the camera phone if I am going to document the journey more appropriately. Or charge the battery in my camera). The skin on the chicken was pan seared giving it a nice crunchy exterior but the breast and the thigh were so moist and succulent. A winner indeed. A couple of my friends ordered the veggie plate and fell in complete adoration, proclaiming it to be one of the best veggie plates they had had (and one is a vegetarian so that's big).
Fais fu d'un mult gentil vassal;
He ducked his head and flattened his ears.
crucial to the success of Sinbad, as much as Torin Thatcher's ability
The patient matter-of-factly stated that his ass was bleeding, probably due to anal sex (I guess he wasn't doing it right). The triage nurse misheard him, but being an ER triage nurse who's seen it all, nonchalantly asked,
Happy Monday Girls!
I turned to my business partner and said loudly that this was my greatest frustration with this bank – that every person I spoke to seemed to give me a different answer; and this was not the first time.
dinner. It sounded like it would be spectacular. We decided to
The purpose here is not to malign any religion but to gather facts that can be gleaned from many sources. Because in the west we are most affected by the Abrahamic religions, it is essential we understand that those same religions have kept ancient wisdom from us that calls the veracity of the same religions into question. To fully understand, we have to examine what we know of “history” from a religious perspective. For example, there have been only 3 characters who “ascend to heaven”, according to the Bible – Enoch, Elijah and Christ. Do you not find it odd that, given the fact that these three accomplished what we are each trying to do, there are no writings attributed to them as core texts within the Bible? As a spiritual seeker, I would be be very interested to read their words but that was deemed to prejudice the official doctrine and dogma of the offshoots of Abrahamic beliefs. While Christ was said to defeat death and then ascend, Elijah was claimed to have ascended in a fiery chariot, and Enoch’s “disappearance” is explained simply as “”Enoch lived 365 years, walking in close fellowship with God. Then one day he disappeared, because God took him.” (Genesis 5:23-24, New Living Bible). To understand Enoch’s life and the significance of his disappearance, in particular, other sources must be found to shed light on this enigmatic entity. What unravels, if we probe further, courtesy of texts that are attributed to this very man, is a very different version of the so-called fallen angels and his role within their drama in pre-duluvian times, when they walked among humans as living gods . Incidentally, the original texts that have been altered significantly, often in small ways that have enormous implications, speak of these hybrids as “sons of the gods” plural, not” sons of god” as it has been conveniently and erroneously translated in the Bible.
I just assumed that it was the same apricot shit that I used back in my 20’s, and that the only thing that had changed was the packaging.
Moreover, worldwide banking exposure to Spain is well over €1 TRILLION. What impact do you think that might have on the EU which has an entire banking system that is leveraged at 26 to 1 (Lehman Brothers was leveraged at 30 to 1 when it collapsed)?
Now, Julius, go tally your populist and unfounded anti-western sentiments. You are keeping my South African compatriots victims in this sad old race to upstage Europeans. Ironically your efforts are still subsidized by white money. This you use gladly and squander greatly. We are not immigrating. We shall secure a future for our children in our motherland. This ship will be turned around by sober thinking South Africans, and I want to be there.
His remains were moved from Santa Marta to Caracas in 1842, where a monument was set up for his burial. The Quinta’ near Santa Marta has been preserved as a museum with numerous references to his life.
Do I need to say more?
The result of combining these two divine things? Heavenly, tender, succulent pork shoulder and a lovingly reduced sauce that will transport your taste buds to nirvana. I’m not exaggerating. Don’t believe me? Try it for yourself.
Anyway, all's fair in love and blog war and I am not going to worry about how I got there - I just got there!
This first year of teaching was a tough one. I feel like I traded my personal life and the people that went with it to the effort of keeping my career afloat. At night, I'd go home, and still stress about school. It was an unending cycle of worry. One Friday night, after a ridiculous week, I picked up the Kindle and started reading. I read four books that weekend. It was wonderful. I didn't think about work, I didn't feel stressed, my heart wasn't trying to book an escape, and I was at ease with my life. Naturally, I liked the way I felt, so I continued reading. Since January, I've read 35 books. I feel that I can say with certainty that that's the more books read than I read in 8 years in high school and college combined. I've slowed down recently simply because I've run through my list that had been building up over time, but I still keep it with me and pull it out whenever I can. At the park, at home, at the pool, you’ll find me reading away!
it doesn’t matter
4. Improve photography
This was a decision made through action and inaction. And these decisions are happening around us all the time. The question is: how do we make decisions that make cities on the decline better places, and all cities a better place for ordinary people?
Married: September 1, 1982 2nd- Alan Keith Thingpen
I have been muttering that all day! I still feel as if I am dreaming! I am numb somewhat. I am definitely in shock. You are probably wondering why. I'll tell you...no I'll shout it for all to hear! I WAS CHOSEN! CHOSEN FOR RANGER UNIVERSITY!!!! Wow...I can't believe I can actually say it! I tweeted last night that I felt like Sally Field after she won her Oscar. Wow, wow, wow....now maybe I will snap back to reality after screaming like that. Sorry if I hurt your ears! Thank you Ranger and thank you Tim!
Last night I was looking through a hospital chart, and discovered this in another neurologist's note.
Mid February- still 6 weeks to go! Didn’t think I could get any bigger? Ha! Here I am standing on our home’s foundation, wishing the house would hurry and get finished so we could move in!
We wear the babies on our bodies in Bjorns, Moby's, or slings, as we did with A. She is a tiny three-year-old, so a month ago, I asked her if she wanted to ride in the Ergo carrier on my back, since she was feeling jealous that O-Bear was in the Bjorn, next to me. She climbed in and I wore her on my back while I made cookies. She laid her sweet blonde head onto my back and said, "Ahhh. Isn't it nice to be stuck together like glue again, Mommy?" MELT.
Parking:
9:45 am Sep. 28, 2010
London turned 9 months in June and really started showing personality. She would get into crawling position and sat up all on her own. She also started to feed herself finger foods and has started chewing on teething rings. Her smile is infectious and her hair has gotten longer and is showing curls. One thing is for sure, we love her and love that she is part of our family!
B: When I started out I was over idealistic about it. I didn’t work through booking agents and managers you know? I went directly to artists and it turned out I could only really book friends, I guess. A lot of artist are willing to take that risk. And I was on to something with that on some level but as the festival grew I had to book artist I didn’t know and then I can have those relations ships. But the festival is this organic, home grown, intimate event and then the reputation is that a place where you come and take risk and hang out and feel the pressure. Big festivals can be a lot of pressure because you’re playing in front of a large crowd and the media is there. People always ask me if we will move it to a bigger city and I say no because it definitely wouldn’t function in the same way. And I’ve been burned by that, by occasionally having an artist who doesn’t get it. There on tour and their tired and that’s unfortuante/ But in seven years that’s happened to me once or maybe twice.
The more it soaks the more the mangoes will absorb the spices. Tastes yummy with curd rice.
5. Storage: Under bed storage bins with wheels provide tons of hidden storage for toys and dress-up clothes. Peel and stick mirrored wall hooks from the dollar store are a no fuss way to store necklaces, while vases, bowls and baskets otherwise forgotten in kitchen cupboards can be used to house jewelry, pencils and small toys.
Oh, and word on the street is that something exciting will be happening at Kraftin' Kimmie Stamps this week!! Make sure to check in at the KKS Blog on Monday to find out the details!
We are excited by the photo-editing fun we have already brought to Google products, like Google+, where you can find many of your favorite Picnik effects in Creative Kit. We encourage you to visit Google+ andgive it a whirl.
So now as we know we are in the happening all that one need to do is just sits back relax and Enjoy the SHOW.
So the first Challenge on the list was a wish-list! This list grew over the course of a year, I am not usually a person who wants things so badly that it's all they can think about. Worse, I forget most things I ever wanted before they even reach an imaginary list! So it took me some thinking to come up with these! XD
To explore the uniqueness I offer them
Yes, you are going to lose money to fraud during a time when Kenya is burning and people are being hacked to death with machetes. And yes, you are going to see the money you do send achieve little (the dreaded ‘inefficiency’ problem). I point this out because this is was the narrative guiding organizations’ decisions on how to intervene. Instead, we should be looking at crises from the community’s point of view, from the aid servant’s point of view. Frankly, all of these concerns (fraud, efficiency, mission drift, risk mitigation, and aid worker safety) are all about the aid organization itself, and NOT about the people.
I feel like God has really been working on my perspective lately in my alone time, in my conversations with my Sweets, and through a book called Crazy Love that our Sunday school class is reading right now. I want to share a little bit about that with you and how it affects this blog.
661. Plate of Summer Roll with Hoison Plum Sauce, Pulled Pork, Chicken, & Cous Cous Salad @ Patrick & Tracy’s (Pumpkin Hill, PA) 3:42 p.m.
As he crawls to the wall, as he preps wings to fly.
(Click HERE for more photos and the full story) The bed and colour scheme in this eight-year-old’s bedroom might be too childish for when she becomes a senior in high school, but imagine the same bed repainted in high gloss black or kelly green with zebra print sheets! Suddenly the look is much more fun and mature, a whole new look for the cost of a sheet set and a can of spray paint! Meanwhile this colour palette of watermelon pink, sunny yellow and ethereal blue add to the sweet vintage vibe which suits this particular little girl for right now:
and smile with energy of time,
ABC-Paramount 231
How about you? Have any of you been sucked into buying any of this “stuff”? And if you did, did it work, or is the product languishing on your bathroom shelf, or stuck forgotten in a closet?
Welcome to the April 2012 Issue of Fancy Pants Designs' newsletter!
My daughter was quite upset by some of the things that happened to slaves, and I think it's most definitely one of the most important subjects to teach children. Go check it out.
(I know I haven't explained his terms (strong/weak awareness, SPO, etc), but given my current time constraints, this is the best I can do for now. Feel free to ask questions in the comments, and I'll answer them as I have time.)
The unhealthy conditions are growing: sewage runs through one part of the camp. And it's divided into two factions: one headed by Irene (the sister of boxer Jimmy Abbott). This couple also have control of the only municipal electricity-point in the camp and won't let others use it. Irene rules her clan with an iron hand and demands that all the clan’s donations must be handed to her and her partner Hugo.
Skin Trade is the 17th book in Laurell Hamilton’s Anita Blake Series. As usual the book was surrounding Anita Blake as she fights her enemies and her lust as her hunger grows.
Brian Terry’s murderer, Manuel Osorio-Arellanes, has yet to be tried, and the names of the other men involved in the incident have been blacked out in reports. Since they are–or should be–wanted criminals, the secrecy involving the investigation, along with the apparent lack of interest in finding the other parties and in trying Manuel Osorio-Arellanes is puzzling. The most logical explanation for sealing the records is that US Attorney General Eric Holder has poured cold water on the investigation because he does not want a report that would implicate Justice Department policies–and therefore him and his staff–in the more than 200 murders tied to Operation Fast and Furious.
Now I have on many occasions had a bowl of hot banana pudding, some with mile-high meringue, some with dollops of whipped cream or off-the-charts ice creams and even one with a caramel bourbon sauce. Let me be clear when I say, I don't like hot banana pudding no matter how much you fancy it up.
his hand frantically searching for mine,
1. Sopwith Camel - There's still time (previously unreleased, demo, 1966)
I will post more details as they develop….
strand by strand,
A terrible accident has left Nicholas Close a widower and awoken in him the ability to see the dead. Now, he can’t escape visions of tortured spirits, their last moments caught in horrible, endlessly replaying loops. Nicholas leaves London and returns to Australia where
Sense adds to Android’s usual lag
Fast forward until June 9, 2011, and here we are again to repeat the tests. It was a good time to test him again because it is always better to go under anesthesia or sedation when you are not sick. First Brett got some Versed to relax him while they inserted an IV line and began his sedation.
1. It's Van Johnson.
untold numbers of “peepers” in the swampy woods
When we arrived home I took in a less than beautiful sight.
Over the years I can honestly say that I wasn't a crafter dictated by the season until I turned my craft love into a business. Before, I made whatever I wanted, whenever, and in whatever color suited my fancy. (I have to admit though that back then I was mostly making baby blankets.) But when I became an official business, I started trying to "keep up" with the times. Just like clothing stores. If you expect to have fall items ready at the brink of fall, you make them a season ahead. Is this easy? No, because frankly, I'm not wired that way.
Lastly: I don’t advertise around here but there is a Command and Conquer 10th anniversary collection available for purchase (or torrent). CNC, Red Alert, Tiberian Sun and even Red Alert 2 are all worth playing if you haven’t yet. I could write just as long and insane articles about all of those games.
To enter the giveaway you have to be a follower of this blog and leave a comment to this post with your email and your GFC username. I will choose the winner with random.org
Okay, this movie I'm getting into has a kangaroo as its lead pugilist - even has its name as the title of the flick - but as anyone who has even one black eye can see, Matilda has a real kangaroo in it just like 2004's Garfield starred a real cat.
Numba 6: They're smelly. I'm not responsible for their existence, I dislike them, I'm not gonna wash them and shit.
Honestly, I think the second option might be more expensive than the first one...
* 11 tons of trash collected afterwards
Group 4 – Tapped Jan. 15th
1) Go for a grown up theme. If she’s grown out of princesses, then at least inject some girly glamour with a chic wallpaper that makes a statement.
In a couple of days we go back and get his ashes---yes, they burn all of the fake money---and take his remains to a temple and place them in a wall for the dead.
I just wanted to share this latest project with you - it's been gestating for the past two months as my friend and colleague asked me if I'd make her a cosy for her new e-reader - a Sony - when she saw my iPhone cosy. Of course I agreed, and it would be in the same hot pink - but the only caveat was that there wouldn't be any time pressure. Probably a mistake as I am the queen of procrastination and unless I have a deadline I'll put everything off till tomorrow...or next week, or month, or year.
I hope you have enjoyed today’s little adventure and take time to look at your dies from a different angle!
Stacey Douglas, Director of Marketing and Operations
The BBC miniseries version of Pride and Prejudice
His dad said, it wasn’t anything you said that day. It was from a day long ago, where we were having an argument. I was wrong, I knew I was wrong, and we were arguing.
And another thing...
And I didn't.
On January 7th, I threw a bunch of leftover grain together, with some leftover noble hops, and a healthy starter of BadBenomyces cerevisiae, a Belgian Abbey-style yeast. What came out was a rich amber-colored potpourri of a Belgian ale that had an original gravity of 1.075.
I only sanction martyrdom operations in defense of a plundered and occupied land.
Out of the dark they carry my heart
So, I stepped out, crossed the road and this street food stall was too interesting for me to ignore. Oh, furthermore... I need to eat. I didn't understand the menu listed - I pointed. What would you like to have?
Mayall: Mainly trying to clear the space to write with Ade. I think it’ll be the beginning of next year when we start getting together. We have got a very funny title for the next one and it does involve the word ‘shit’. We’re beginning to worry about that (laughs).
On appeal, Finn, Emmett and Bennett JJ held that Optus could not rely on the s.111 ‘time shifting’ exception as the recordings were made by either Optus, or by Optus and the TV Now user. The court held:
This giveaway is open to US residents.
An artistic strangulation!
Together we breathe
And in your ignorance and egomania – did you really believe you would be able to hide it?
Let It Rise is a song by Holland Davis that has been around for a while (relatively speaking), and was very popular for contemporary worship during the mid-late 90s – when the whole scene was just exploding. It is one of those songs in “the book” that is just not used as much today for whatever reason.
- My wife says: Eurggh and Oh (when Limehouse opened up the piggy bank.
For those were crude and cruel days, and human flesh was cheap.
According to The Royal College of Psychiatrists, writing about traumatic, stressful or emotional events can result in improvements in physical and psychological health. The Royal College goes on to suggest that expressive writing can be used as a therapeutic tool for survivors of trauma and in psychiatric settings.
without prejudiscm,
5. How the hell are you supposed to fold a fitted sheet?
Kristen Hersh
11. Place in the middle rack of the hot oven, with 1 c of hot water in a tray below.
2. Did you hear about the two homosexual judges? They kept trying each other.
Here is how you can win...become a follower of my blog and post a comment about my banner. For a chance to win a prize from Karen you must go to all the design team's blogs, become a follower and post a comment.
This is Elder David Archuleta, who entered the Missionary Training Center this week just in time to sing in the choir during conference. Elder David Archuleta, the world famous teeny bopper rock star who is just one among many missionaries sharing the same gospel message, and is happily doing so.
3.) I sprint every 7 - 10 days or so (which for me means warm up for 5 minutes, and then alternate running as fast as I can handle it for 30 seconds, and then walk for 15 seconds...I do that for 5 - 10 minutes, and then I cool down for 5 minutes, and then I die on the floor of my basement)
Me: Well, you said that pretty fast.
Lucky for her, I was a straight A student, really no trouble at all, at least until my teenage years. Unluckily for me, that wasn’t enough to keep me flying under the radar. Every time my brother did something wrong, it may as well have been both of us. I was punished equally, every single time.
Five lame-ass zings
Banners at many border crossings into Mexico from California, Arizona, and Texas read: NO ACCEPTAR LOS CLONES!
I thought I would share the morning sun over Surrey. Tika and I breezed through
NOTE: You want to make sure that your seam is to the left of your 'gathering seams -
MELISSA GILBERT NEEDS TO GTFO.
Polyunsaturated Fat 0.1 g
The People article goes on to point out that Reynolds realised the damage this exposure would do to the party, and offered to stand down.
patience; and let not the prospect of death ever cause us any fear, but may
“Get out of my way GB, I need to get my car keys,” he panted.
This is the scene when the cooking is nearly finished, a drinking tune is being played and strong alcohol is being passed around the audience they must flick three drops from the cup into the sky before drinking the rest in one go.
The most common companion flower in vegetable gardens is the marigold, as various species of Tagetes repel some pests and of course are lovely in the garden. I find that snails feast on my marigolds, especially the yellow ones, in such profusion that I needed to find some alternate flowers!
Walking into the theatre I was a bit skeptical. After all, the play calls for a large cast and there’s usually a tendency on behalf of the director to take an overly serious approach highlighting the social messages and upholding the greatness of the work, while overlooking the humor that is its foundation. At the pre-show talk, artistic director Lenny Leibowitz assured me that this production will be more lighthearted.
Who doesn't? I am sure even the girls in the Damsels in Distress movie like extra money back on their fab clothing purchases. BTW, one of the girls in the movie is a DEAD ringer for one of the Boden models. Here is the girl from the movie (Megalyn Echikunwoke) and here is the model (says Angela in the catalog). Yeah, I thought so!
Stay tuned for day 3. Amber is now 2 weeks old and am getting into being at home alone with 2 kids now that hubby is back at work, so taking a little longer than planned to do these posts!!
The most unusual and hauntingly beautiful displays were in the HimalaSalt booth. The generous slabs and pillars of Himalayan salt created dramatic tablescapes, especially when they are backlit with low-voltage bulbs.
(other than in dance recitals or shows)
Favorite sport? (tie) NFL football and distance running
Before I even knew what steampunk was, I had fallen in love with the "vibe" at a bar in downtown Austin called Betsey's Bar. A bit old west, a bit circus, a bit Victorian, a bit flea market, with vintage Pac-Man tabletop games thrown in for good measure, it was exactly the vibe I wanted for my bedroom.
It surprises me how many people I’ve met who haven’t heard of it, so I make it my duty to enlighten them…. and now, you! The secret to an iron free life is to unload the dryer immediately, fold the clothes or hang. Then on the day you pull out your favorite ensemble, simply spray any remaining wrinkles, and smooth out with your hand.
I was also able to finally finish three more sachets
Assessment of Conceptual Understanding
I have a little bit of a backlog of games because of the challenge last month, but that's OK. As I said about a month ago, I bought the Ico/Shadow of the Colossus HD Collection for the PS3. Well, I finished the second half of the collection, and what a terrific game!
Solution: Reversed car, found a patch of sunshine, and parked car. When I moved the car I saw the water had frozen making the driveway dangerously slippery. That's it then. I've had enough.
But 40% of those deemed ineligible are appealing against their ruling, with more than a third of them successfully overturning the verdict – which has led to a call for more judges to process the caseload. Current figures suggest that the cost of these additional judges will be at least £1 million a year.
from a cabinet he tore out of the kitchen
Here’s the flip side:
* Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. as Alvin (singing voice)
Mary held him out at arm’s length. “You sure have grown up since I first met you.”
Cole split his first year between short-season Eugene and single-A Baseball City, pitching as both a starter and a reliever. He then split 1989 between Baseball City and AA Memphis. At Memphis full-time for 1990, Cole got into 46 games, six starts, with an ERA of 4.35.
not everything that happens will be things that make me glad. to be human is to feel all kinds of emotions. but I can know that God is holding our sweet boy in his hands. & He isn't going to let anything happen to Isaac that isn't supposed to & that is a comfort.
The absurd situation has come about because of a decision by the Spanish government to grant citizenship to any person who has a far-off distant relation who might have left that country up to 80 years ago at the time of the Spanish Civil War.
Note: If you live in the Southern hemisphere then we think that the sight of a sweet pea would definitely help a grey January day over here. I promise not to feel too grumpy if you post images of sunny beaches and summer dresses.
Hello and Welcome back!!! I hope you all hopped along with us yesterday, if not you can just go through both days now and check out all the wonderful creations.
furniture we already had in the house (we repainted the tea cart in lilac to
Inside a Scale Model of the Human Heart
6. When players think Shaman they immediately think of Chain Heal; do you think this association with a single defining heal has impacted shaman?
That it should not want to beat anymore
17. “He will perform the will of them that fear Him” (ver. 19). He will perform it, He will perform it: though He perform it not at once, yet He will perform it. Certainly if therefore thou fearest God, that thou mayest do His will, behold even He in a manner ministereth to thee; He doeth thy will. “And He shall hear their prayer, and save them.” Thou seem that for this purpose the Physician hears, that He may save. When? Hear the Apostle telling thee. “For we are saved in hope: but hope which is seen is not hope: but if what we see not we hope for, then do we with patience wait for it: “the salvation,” that is, which Peter calleth “ready to be revealed in the last time.”
There must be somebody out there that they can sell
and I majored in theatre arts."
We are looking for all ages to participate, as well as all races, genders, whatevers to make it truly inclusive. Hey, it would be great for some to show up in business attire to contrast hippy attire! Grandparents with grandchildren, you name it!
Jump. That is what P.K. has done. A totally wild, crazy jump from a restrictive life with her family into a life of total adventure—rock-climbing out west with a guy she barely knows. At first, everything’s amazing. Not only are they climbing in awesomely beautiful national parks like Yosemite but they seem awesomely made for one another. P.K. is in heaven. And then the cops show up . . . with an arrest warrant. And P.K. has to decide who to believe: this amazing guy whom she trusts with her life—or the cops, who want her to believe that he may take her life.
You let me come near you, you with the broken hearts. Your wounds are fresh, tender, and exposed with road rash. I tread carefully beside you, knowing that a quick movement will send you flitting away like a frightened butterfly.
By "liking" this spanking attitude, you are glorifying spanking, and if you're hitting your child so hard that you're being sent to jail for it, no matter if it's discipline or not, you SHOULD go to jail! Likely, you've hit your child so hard that you've killed it. Because that's pretty much what it takes to send someone to jail for child abuse.
The ordinance makes it illegal for anyone that hosts (or allows) a gathering when that person knows, or reasonably should know, that an underage person is consuming any alcohol on their property. If one is caught hosting such an event, that person will be fined as a misdemeanor.
The Cult
These two films street on April 10 and hopefully more will be released before the eventual demise of the DVD format (get those disks while you can, collectors!). Actually, I just checked and there's a third title (more info here). With all the garbage coming out of Hollywood these days, a nice Roman Porno could be an exciting change of pace. If you've never seen one, now's your chance!
The ability to pass through a crowd of punters without spillage is one sign of a Master and the most precious of skills (more so when its £4 a pint). It's what we call Walk Like a Panther. Perhaps a Panther whose had a few, but a Panther all the same.
If you know me, then you know I am not particularly a morning person. My husband has said that it's almost painful to watch me wake up....that he can literally see me struggling against opening my eyes and clinging desperately to sleep just a bit longer. I laughed when he told me that, but it's probably true.
‘Look at it,’ said Michael. The sky was that magic midnight blue again. The moon was up and shining on the snow. There was a glittering, pale-blue sheen over everything. ‘It’s special, isn’t it? Do you know what I mean?’
(Fiona says: I'm still waiting for Lucy's answers and so we've cheated and skipped a person to get to Penny - I'll post Lucy's answers when they come through!)
All Hail All Hail
I have written about my daughter before (and here). This morning I turned on our home computer to listen to music and found her homework on the screen. What I read made me sob with pride. With her permission, I am sharing it here.
Taken on January 30, 2011 with a Canon PowerShot A2000 IS.
I forgot to mention they didnt have the table all the way set up. Usually they have somewhere to put your arms. Well those pieces where not attached. So I had to keep my hands by neck. After a quick while I felt this huge push and tug. And Ethan was out. But he didnt cry. I asked them why isint he crying. And they said he was ok. But he still didnt cry. And then finally I heard him cry. Turns out they had to resuscitate him. So that was really scary!
And so I will.
1 conjecture
My topic? Fanfiction! So of course, I had to wear my favorite Team Peeta T-shirt.
and she was oh so proud of them.
Tonight I was reminded of a patient that was seen in the ER last summer when I worked there. A quick check of the blog confirmed that I inexplicably hadn't shared this story yet. I heard it second-hand, but I believe it to be accurate.
If 50 years from now, future generations could still count on the democratic process to be their guiding principle, no matter how imperfect it may be, then we would have arrived among nations
The only thing that will fix this is to cut spending and re-evaluate why so many people in my generation (and others) are shouting “please will you fix it for me?”* to the government.
A leader is someone who has responsibility, commitment and accountability for his or her team. Leaders are able to look outside the box and are willing to do whatever it takes to help the team. They have effective communication skills and are able to give constructive feedback to teammates as well as take constructive feedback from coaches. After building this relationship between players the team will grow stronger as a whole and be able to work together on and off the field.
In return, I received one review that was just a few sentences long from someone who obviously only gave Less & More a quick once-over on their mobile device. Sigh. I was disappointed, but what could I do other than to immediately release that one? My other review was a bit more thoughtful and I felt like the reviewer actually took some time to digest what Less & More has to offer. She wrote one thing that I felt did warrant further reflection,
IN ETERNAL PEACE.
Islamic jurisprudence shall be a major source of legislation;
According to the calorie control council:
But I am here to share the trailer with you guys and I hope that you enjoy it as much as I did! Nothing is more beautiful or rewarding than the satisfaction and joy of making your dreams come true!
Brown and drain meat. Saute onions for a few minutes. Combine all ingredients in a large pot. Add chili powder, salt and pepper to taste. Simmer 1-2 hours. I topped it with shredded cheese!
This lovely skirt (Simplicity 2226) is by Lisa from The Princess and The Monkey. Pop on over to her blog for all of the pattern details. I've already added this to my pattern wishlist as I think it will really suit my shape too!
Wow, such eerily prophetic words from the pop-glam R&B studs. Has anyone ever considered that Bobby is essentially an R&B Nostradamus?
Thanks so much for the prayers that have been offered up for her! The family appreciates every one and we are convinced that it was the power of prayer that has helped to ease her way in the battle she is facing and for the survival of so many others!
Clearly, whatever happened to her to get her to this point, she isn't as happy as she claims, especially when it comes to her love life. Throughout the film, though, Rohmer shows us situations in which Delphine has a chance to try to curb some of that unhappiness, but—through an elusive combination of pride, overintellectualizing and self-pity—is unable or unwilling to cross that bridge. Her more outgoing friend Françoise (Rosette) invites her to stay with her family in Cherbourg, but instead of venturing out and socializing with people, she mostly sticks around the house, playing with the kids and occasionally going off to the nearby woods to quietly mope. Back in the Left Bank, where she lives, a random guy eyes her while she's sitting on a bench; he follows her and tries to engage her, but she turns to him and flat-out refuses his overtures.
I do dig meeting the people in the Blogoverse in real life!
In the Presidents mind free markets and the concept of supply and demand have nothing to do with creating the condition of higher prices. For him any solution will involve the government stepping in to invoke new regulations on the markets that he believes will solve the problem. Nowhere in his solution, however, is addressing his policies that affect the supply component other than the ones he has that hinder it.
tanguera-2:
effortless ballet through swaths of impermeable ink.
Pinky Brain: Okay great. I’ll start you on Provera which will make you have a period. You’ll take that for 10 days this month and next, then I’ll see you at the end of June and then we can start you on Clomid so you can try for a baby in July
Mardi Gras Wedding invitations Feature Tons of Entertaining and Exhilaration
even though for months, i knew it was time.
Here are some cards to inspire you
We will finally be able to buy our own home. Maybe, just maybe, my dream of owning a big chunk of property with a renovated barn and lots of room for guests will come true while we live there.
Before the Harbor be—
It was almost three weeks ago now that my little friend the stomach bug decided to take up residence in my intestines (WOW, this post is off to a great start already isn’t? I promise I won’t be gross…), but I am happy to say that I’m finally feeling back to normal (or at least close to it), and my lab test results came back clear. Yesterday I ate an entire burger at my favorite joint downtown, and truly… it was a mouthgasm. Ask my mom. I was almost in tears, it was so good. There was a little bit of grunting and groaning and cavewoman sounds going on. Don’t judge. You’d be doing the same thing if you’d been eating toast and applesauce for three weeks straight.
What are some situations that make you happy, or satisfied?
Supplies I used to make this project:
difficult time. I'll be back to myself soon, I hope.
Although obviously reminiscent of the films of Alfred Hitchcock, the film that Martin Scorsese's latest, "Shutter Island", reminds me most of is Stanley Kubrick's "The Shining" due to my post-screening reaction to the film. It is not a secret that I consider both directors to be two of my filmmaking heroes. Yet, with "The Shining" and "Shutter Island", there is this inescapable feeling that both filmmakers are applying a considerable amount of spit and shine to material that is, how shall I put this, Grade C Junk. What makes both films seem desperate is that Scorsese and Kubrick work overtime to convince us (and, I believe, themselves) that they are not making B movies by artfully composing one superficially beautiful or clever shot after another that are ultimately devoid of much meaning or emotion.
Marcus
To make them look a little different from the mini cupcakes, I did a basket weave piping with cream cheese frosting, and then piped Hello Kitty on top in pink (the exact opposite from the Hello Kitty birthday cupcakes I did before).
One of the biggest reasons arts organizations are failing is due to the feelings of entitlement. We have gone through centuries of feeling that the arts are supposed to be supported, and in many cases have rested on this laurel. We have forgotten how to do the good old fashioned work that results in successful arts businesses.
Her body language was above board. Literally above the board of the table, cell phone six inches above the table, out in the open, making an attempt, however feeble, at small talk and keeping him engaged in the moment. She may not have been inviting him to be a part of what she was texting about but she certainly made no attempts to hide it from him.
I have been trained as a mentor for the Self Determination Consumer and Family Group of Pennsylvania and as a mentor for Parent to Parent of North Central Pennsylvania. I am a certified facilitator of Essential Lifestyle Person Centered Planning and been trained as a Parent Presenter to speak to colleges and educators in general regarding parent advocacy, special needs, disability sensitivity, etc.
I'm assuming that if you're not from Philly or Central PA, you've probably never heard of Irish Potatoes. Or maybe you have (sorry for assuming, you well-informed-blog-reader, you!) Either way, you're in for a Philadelphia-style treat.
It’s no longer the Germans I'm worried about.
Welcoming yesterday's web-blocking orders, Geoff Taylor, Chief Executive of the BPI said
I am not weighing myself this seventy-second attempt at weight loss since Chase was born because it hasn’t served much of a purpose up until this point, so if/when my clothes start feeling a bit loose, I will eventually step on them again. I’ve had seventy-one failures behind me though and I would like this to be the one that sticks. I’ve got a monumental birthday coming up next month, I would like to be able to wear my wedding rings again, fit into clothes that I enjoy wearing and also enjoy a baked good every now and then without feeling so guilty.
Most beautiful post:
Next week will either be the crazy surf and turf I referenced previously or something else. I pickup a cooler full of cow organs this weekend courtesy of Uncle Billy, so, you’ve got that going for you.
Since fashion is cyclical, it occasionally goes through phases that are not always my favorite. During those times, I tend to stick to my basic chic looks... but right now, I'm all about adopting the trends!
And so much more, if I put even more thought into it. The build-up to the retreat was the worst, though. A year before my first retreat I was too young to attend one but a few of the other students around my age managed to go because they won a forms competition within the school. When they returned they had all of these fantastic stories and I wanted nothing more than to live something similar myself. To my dismay, a year takes a very long time to pass, but eventually it was my turn to be eligible and attend as well. I was unsure about what to expect but I knew it was going to be a great experience.
It is only now I am hearing for the first time, that last year when Commish Greene was hospitalized; even the radio stations were playing this fond GT ditty. Perhaps it may be a good thing to play the re-mix in version extolling that ME-NA-DEAD-CROW-A-PICK-ME-EYE in direct reference to the folks in Linden questioning their vitality, verve and viscosity of Prime Minister Hinds. His attempts to bamboozle them and lay the blame at the feet of the APNU’s Granger, is not sitting well at all there, or here.
I knew she was working on English. I assumed her distress had something to do with one of the scary, irregular verbs both her and her teachers are always stumbling over. I was elbow deep in dinner preparations, and frankly not in the mood to be very helpful. I sighed impatiently, "For heaven's sake Emma. Just sound it out. One letter at a time. You'll get to it."
Dear bloggers, tomorrow i will go in a beautiful place called Sunny Beach @Hotel Victoria Palace. (Bulgaria)
It has been some time since I looked at a keyboard that didn’t make music. It can be easy, or difficult, to explain the reasons behind a hiatus. I suppose that depends on your command over your first language, your command over sign language, or your capacity to point at things while re-arranging your eyebrows.
"I don't like it."
He looks down at my notebook over his cigarette to make sure I jot this down correctly.
As incarceration rates fall and prisons close, new thinking about the relationship between crime and imprisonment could push the downward trend further, faster. Liptak's piece quotes extensively from the findings of criminologist Franklin Zimring, who suggests that crime rates have as little to do with incarceration rates (a conservative tenant) as they do with unemployement rates (a liberal truism).
May this be a place where we gather at that table where meet Jesus in the breaking of bread, fellowship, and the prayers. May the teaching of the apostles be ringing in our ears as we give and receive the gift of hospitality with friends, strangers and enemies.
Cast : Cheech Marin, Eric Roberts, Julie Hagerty, Robert Carradine, Buck Henry, Louise Lasser, Cindy Williams, Andrea Martin, Cliff De Young, Dion Anderson, Peter Boyden, Nicholas Wyman, Michael Luciano, Amy Glass
Imagine taking your car for a service and being told by the dealership later that day: "So sorry, we can't seem to find your car..."
At any rate, these involve quite a bit of work but they're delicious... and this year I adapted a different recipe, which turned out OK, although I would've liked a crispier cookie.
i.e sagging skin / flabby tummy
Cost so far: 3609 gold + 2175 Justice Points + 12000 Honor Points
going through your craft supplies and realize that you really don't
But it may well easily be shown, with a little more work, that the prevailing theory is entirely consistent with everything we’ve seen – say, by slowly explaining how chemistry works, or by just growing up. These aren’t genuine anomalies, in that they don’t really need any new phenomena to be invoked to explain them. They fit just fine into a description of the world that we already have.
Says Lisa.
Letters: Bo bunny, Thickers
But now... I dunno. I think I want to really make a statement. Here are the stickers I'm considering:
Much better, but the top was driving me nuts! I suppose credenzas like this were used as an all-around party area; the lid opens to reveal six cup holders and the turntable, so I assume people also used the top of it as a bar. The top was completely ruined with black water stains that I couldn't remove with the sander, so I sanded out what I could and stained it anyway, just to see. But it looked terrible so I turned to Google for help, and everything told me to brush on a few coats of bleach until it was light enough, and then re-stain.
We give ourselves, we give our all
Today’s lunch was a good one for so many reasons:
One where I can live and love and walk into light and warmth
LOTS! I have 40 charities right now that I donate to and I am always adding more. Customers and the charities themselves will contact me to add their charity to my list. I have a list on my website so people can see who I donate to and if they like, they can click the charity to go to the site and make their own donation. I have what I call a Charity of the Month, that I donate a $1 from every item sold during that month, to that specific charity.
In the announcement that introduced this brand-new "service," PA claimed that its Literary Agency Department would "market your book to big ticket publishers such as Random House, Simon and Schuster, HarperCollins, Penguin, the new Amazon publishing company, but also university presses and independent publishers, and to a host of foreign publishers all over the world. We also work with Hollywood studios and producers..."
Also, gravity begins to have an effect on our noses as well. At some point, the upturned nose begins to droop downward and the upturned cute nose disappears, replaced by the lower hanging, larger nose of an adult or older person.
Song 1: Carrie Underwood “Good Girl” – Different kind of song for country, but I like it.
Responsibilities:
Chipolata sausages - allow 3 - 4 sausages per person plus a few extra for the kids. These will cook around the turkey in about 45 minutes. Turn halfway through cooking.
Here's the full list:
rebellion, freely sharing music, dancing and play be a way of inspiring
I'll let you know
Well that was nice of her wasn't it?
Could it be she actually helps you find an agent?
Sensual Amber
Papeles: Echo Park: Springtime 6x6
they always believe alot of stuff thats untrue, like me being a bisexual child molester out to get people...
For those that believe that the fences are the problem, personally I think not.
“You’re gonna be spread out there in front of them like a trollope in the stocks…”
“RESOLVED, That the American Bar Association urges that, where possible in the context of the proceedings before them, U.S. federal, state, territorial, tribal and local courts consider and respect, as appropriate, the data protection and privacy laws of any applicable foreign sovereign, and the interests of any person who is subject to or benefits from such laws, with regard to data sought in discovery in civil litigation.”
Actually, the mobile version offers all the features that the "desktop" version has, such as blog, image galleries, contact and RSS. The interface is quite self-explanatory, give it a try if you have an IPhone/iTouch!
I can not fall into the trap of looking at my circumstances or trying to figure things out on my own. I can not make my own strength my God.
2 tbs chopped garlic
155 7. Book Review: Anthony Sampson, The Arms Bazaar: From Lebanon to Lockheed (New York, 1977). Chicago Sun-Times, Show/Book Week, July 24, 1977, p. 7.
But the Florida utility assured residents that it was nothing to worry about, smart meters don’t cause fires….however a spokesperson for the utility said they’d responded to 30 complaints related to meter fires and that “you could have wiring issues if you have dimming lights or power issues on one end of your home and not the other.”
Mama, you forgot the flash on my big day!
"Sugar Baby" is probably the album's most musically straightforward tune; from here Amidon & Co. complicate the rhythms, melodies, countermelodies, and song structures, taking them further and further away from their origins. The contrast between a song like "Sugar Baby" and the subsequent track, the enigmatic and darkly propulsive "Little Johnny Brown", is much like the gaping contrast between past renditions of these songs and Amidon's. More often than not, the ancient folk songs Amidon is covering have rarely before even been paired with instruments, a notable example being "O Death", a morbid acapella poem famously sung by Ralph Stanley on the O Brother Where Art Thou? soundtrack. Therefore Amidon's compositions, which feel natural and lived-in, are all the more breathtaking for their having been ignited from either nothing or from something radically different. "Little Johnny Brown" is as stunning a testament as any, a series of words originally taken from a children's singing game by Ella Jenkins in the 1960's that become unsettling and almost demonic as they are looped and overlapped by Amidon towards the end of the track like a perverse equivalent of "Ring Around the Rosy", all while piano cadences and bizarrely percussive snaps and clicks circulate around Amidon's central guitar part.
Desperate times; desperate measures, as they say, caused me to recently rip off a sheet of baking parchment as an experimental wrap on a really nice cheese. Viola!! Parchment can be found for under $3 for a 30-square foot roll at the grocery, and I always have it around. My cheese paper dilemma has been solved. No extra clutter, no exorbitant prices, and really nice, fresh cheese.
For difficult classes like fireworks, there may be a lot of text on sites about how it is not eligible. Use the “eligible classes” tab to spin the results to the more positive connation.
04-22 San Antonio, TX – White Rabbit
- Anonymous
That is my worst genre/style description yet....
One of Mozilla’s major projects this year will be the development of a tech preview browser that conforms to Microsoft’s Metro UI. A peek inside the wiki page reveals that the first version is designed to use existing Win 32 libraries to avoid having to completely port the current set to WinRT. The new front-end’s language is still under debate, as is the question of how the existing Firefox UI should change to conform to Metro’s rules.
Calexico+
Sarah Jaffe's new album, The Body Wins, comes out April 24.
I try really hard to say no to the spitting
What are your favourite books and characters of Dickens? And what are your favourite film and TV adaptations?
Route Topo Maps
Finally we have the Rimmel Lasting Finish Kate Lipstick in 04, the vampiest lipstick I own. This is a lovely deep blackened red-toned purple, and I enjoy playing up its undertones with different lipliners. Wear a purple lipliner or lipstain, it appears more purple. Wear a reddish or berry lipstain/lipliner, it appears more berry-toned. It can also look near black if you apply several layers, and the texture is thin but creamy. This is the deepest lipstick I've seen in the drugstore in these parts, and I have to applaud Rimmel for taking a risk with this shade!
So after the little conversation with the Monday plumber (who, incidentally, was here to fix the brand new water heater, not here for the raining ceiling--and yes, that's another story), we put in a call to the insurance company about the shower leak. They sent out a restoration expert the very next day to assess the situation. There were three of them, actually, and they spent a long time poking at walls and moving furniture and scribbling cryptic notes. They were remarkably uncommunicative during this process. It reminded me of the doctor who pokes and prods and mutters, "Hmmm...that's interesting" during the exam. Not reassuring.
275In seas of flame my plunging soul is drown'd,
The younger version of me gives me a thumbs up and then runs back through the trees and towards Lisa.
I think we would have checked at least
I’ve taught classes in altered books, handmade books, collage art and mixed media art. I’ve designed in the past for Grafix and I am currently on the Alpha Stamps design team. I specialize in very intricate multi-layered and textured art; which I’ve christened as “organized clutter”.
Bottle sales at the Gasthaus Pub. For every bottle of Omission Pale Ale and Omission Lager sold in the Gasthaus, $.50 will be donated. In addition, the Gasthaus will be featuring its new gluten-free menu all month.
Upcoming is my post on the Tofu “sticks” a really yummy snack.
Some verses of “Shine on me”, sung on the Anthology by Ernest Phipps & His Holiness Singers come from of a 19th century hymn called “Maitland” by George N. Allen which was sung with the words of “Must Jesus Bear The Cross Alone”, a text by Thomas Sheperd. But the chorus (“Shine on me” ) comes from a popular african-american spiritual “Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me” that was recorded many times during the last century. Usually sung with increasing speed and volume, (hear Leadbelly’s and Blind Willie Johnson’s for example), it is a beautiful and powerful song, really leading to elevate the “spirit”!
I went through2 1/2 weeks of searching for them on craigslist. The girls got to draw (fabric markers) on their own pea pillow.
Two examples:
Continuous training is important. For years, I have always encouraged every person on my immediate team to improve themselves every year. If we were going to improve what we offered to our customers, we had to improve our knowledge. We have to make ourselves easier and more valuable to do business with. I would ask every team member to think about his or her skills and knowledge, and where they felt they could use improvement. I would ask them to finish the statement “I could better take care of our customers if I knew ____________ better”. From some, I might hear something like learning how to use the computer better. We would go out and find a class at the local technical college. From others, I might get a request for an advanced training program on the products or services that we offered. For these, we might get them registered for a program that covered that area. For others, it might be general business training or working toward a degree that would benefit their work within our company. I also continued to increase my knowledge level.
On the 15th Day of New York Christmas I give you the "Christmas Tree and Neapolitan Baroque Creche" at the Metropolitan Museum. The beautiful pieces were a gift from Loretta Hines Howard in 1964 and have been beautifully displayed every year. They do a beautiful lighting ceremony with music that brings you to tears. No pictures are allowed at this exhibit! I could never do it justice anyway.
End of story? The plumber came. He fixed stuff. He charged me a lot of money to fix stuff. He did not charge me nearly what it would have cost me to replace floors and ceilings. BugMan2 completely erradicated the ants with one try. I am pretty darn certain that BugMan1 never even sprayed the pantry which was the entire reason he was called to my home.
athirst that I might drink,
In line with the recent findings that blood pressure medications compromise the circulation to vital tissues, a recent study found low treated blood pressure was associated with poor thinking, and mild hypertension was associated with better thinking.20 By over-aggressive lowering of blood pressure with medication function of the brain in the elderly was found to be impaired. The best brain function was associated with a blood pressure of about 159/85 mm Hg (a level consistent with the lowest risk of strokes, heart attacks, and deaths). This loss of intelligence may be permanent in some cases. Just published in the journal Stroke are the findings that patients whose systolic blood pressure (the top number) dropped 15 mmHg or more in six years or less had triple the risk of Alzheimer’s disease, or other forms of dementia.21 Their findings indicate that poor blood flow to the brain, resulting from a decline in blood pressure, in some cases from over-treatment with anti-hypertensive medications, promotes permanent loss of brain function – dementia.
All of which is to say that even couples with little money have access to resources which can help them through the divorce process. So, though I am certain there are people out there who represent themselves because they don’t want to take advantage of the legal resources available, I find that the overriding motivation is generally some other, psychological or emotional reason.
Barclays Affirms Steadfast Commitment to Arena in Brooklyn and 2009 Groundbreaking
I’m not going to entertain the possibility that Andrew might be dead because it’s fairly safe to assume that unlike Tyler, Gemma and perhaps Malcolm that Andrew will survive being gunned down. So, who tried to kill Bridget that Andrew received the ouch end of a bullet for? I’d say there’s a decent list of suspects with decent motives.
She is all excited about using it...I had to hot glue a lining that I made out of fabric in it. All I can say is my fingers think I have no right to get near a glue gun. It was as bad as my sanding with the dremmel.
* Mother, the ribbons of your love are woven around my heart.
Oh yeah and we have to tweet everything we eat at the end of the day… Knowing that people will see what I consume helps a lot but I’m sick of being judged because I tweeted about eating carrots with peanut butter (don’t knock it till you try it).
a fly getting too close to those zapping lights.
One month from today...
K: P reminded me to do the "Brightened My Day" post
Saturday: 300
When I told the manager of the safari camp about Ms Vogel’s exploits, he nodded in solemn appreciation.
I walked away from the computer. I gulped. Who had I just sent that email to?
Or maybe not.
I met this beautiful family on my way home from a photo shoot today. I walked past them, just like the other people on their way home. I admit it. I saw her and sailed on by. I read her sign ($60 for a motel room... you know what kind of motel room $60 will get you in this city).
“I wanted to show solidarity with the protesters in New York,” said Dennis Murphy, a first-time demonstrator. “I think it’s an important movement, probably the most important expression of civil dissent in probably 40 years, at least.”
Ugh. I'm putting off grade cards (again). Anyway, I'll keep this quick. This is probably silly, because I'm sure you all know about this, but on the off chance you don't, it can make school work muuuuch more bearable.
The first step to wrangling an out-of-control closet is to empty it completely and take stock of what you have. This will also give you an opportunity to get rid of what you don’t need and relocate what belongs elsewhere, which is the most important step.
You should know this story by now. We get yummy Waffle House every Christmas morning. This year I actually got to sit my ass on the couch while my brother had to get out and pick it up. Ha, sucka!
The ropes began to fall, coiling on the ground and spewing clouds of dust in “Falter”’s overly lengthy resolution. Dancers’ movements became slower and more contemplative in this section; dancers’ deep pliés and torso contractions offset the quickly disintegrating set around them. A walking gesture phrase transitioned into a gestural duet at the end of the piece, and for the first time in Inger’s work, two dancers related to one another in a way that hinted at compassion. The lights went down and most audience members rose to their feet, but other viewers’ hesitation confirmed their dissatisfaction with the evening as a whole.
The Movie starts out with the scientist played by Béla Lugosi, making some dark comments about humanity. After that, it cuts to an inspector finding the dead body of a transvestite who killed himself. The inspector finds a note next to the body, stating that he was arrested four times for dressing like a woman. So, out of curiosity, the inspector locates Dr. Alton, who explains in detail to the inspector about transvestites and then proceeds to tell him the story of Glen/Glenda. From that point on, the movie just becomes about how Glen is try to hide his dark secret from his fiancée. It also goes into a short piece about a second man called Allen/Anne who goes through surgery to become a woman in contrast to Glen whose problem was psychological.
His stated conclusions, based on his research and insight, will make many uncomfortable. He suggests that what religion perceives as “god” is really a type of “thoughtform” that has been created and modified over numerous millenia. I have some small knowledge of thoughtform creation, which affords me a much different view than most people. Not superior just different. Most who are adherents to some form of religion would be outraged to be told that each of us are capable of sending a piece of our astral matter to a distant location… and then reabsorbing it and reviewing what it saw and sensed, like a movie playing on the mind’s eye. And the inevitable reaction of being in league with “the devil” – by whatever name he’s called this month – is to be expected at some point, without fail. It is beyond most people’s experience, aside from the sleep period, where they are truly aware of who they are. That’s not a judgment, just an observation. I am extremely blessed to have some deeply spiritual people in my spiritual family who are also religious practitioners and have a found a way to blend religion with true spirituality. They are a gentle reminder to me that the deeds of its leaders or even individuals are not a true reflection of all in that belief system.
Tears. Tears. Tears.
On Saturday we headed down to Nexus International School where The Warriors took on the Irish in some WEIRDO version of AFL. There were soccer nets and round balls being used - wow, they sure do know how to ruin a game (in my opinion). It was a family affair for sure, loads of kids and even some dedicated wives behind the barbie cooking a few snags for the spectators.
The Forest is also known as the Monkey Park. Tourists are drawn to the area – they have the opportunity to get close to Green Vervet Monkeys (Chlorocebus pygerythrus). Unfortunately, tourists often feed them – this has knock on effect for the other wildlife as the monkey population is un-naturally high. Some bird species are absent now, probably due to egg predation from the Monkeys.
Enrico De Pedis, leader of a murderous gang known as the Banda della Magliana, was gunned down aged just 38, by members of his outfit after they fell out in 1990.
The prize? Just the satisfaction of knowing you did better than the BBC.
Whether he should have been so blatant is moot. Maybe he should have moved with more political cunning and skill, but to be honest politically he's a lightweight and happen as not he was probably outmanoeuvred by the more savvy political players in Europe.
Okay, head still throbbing a bit, so I’ll sign off. Must remember to cue up Six Sentence Sunday before I crash into bed.
Match 1: Jeff Hardy defeated Kurt Angle by countout
My parents were not especially open-minded people and when the aforementioned sister came out as a lesbian after several years of teenage conflict with them, they tried to cause trouble with her adult friends and eventually she was kicked out of the house. This was 1981. My mother died in 2004 without ever speaking to her and my father has not spoken to her to this day. Imagine, if you will, knowing what I knew about myself and living in this environment.
“Hey girl! What you doin? I’m just sittin on the train, bored.”
I decided to investigate whether this was just a "Toronto thing" and checked out my local UC to see what they were up to and whether they were interested in God or Jesus or fuddy duddy stuff like that.
I like every workout on this DVD. I recommend working your way up to the whole program slowly. Start by just one or two circuits a day, and alternate which ones you do. It really does work on your trouble zones: saddle bags, muffin top, triceps, you name it. If you do this workout, you will see results.
I perused the selection in Dick's Sporting Goods (yes) and reached that stage I've often talked about with Theo from Hot and Cool, when you're faced with a display shelf of handsome Nikes and you start by picking out the ones immediately attractive until after a while they all start to look the same and you start to wonder if it even matters whether they're black and yellow or black and purple because they'd probably look equally as great. We've not-so-paraphrased it as 'The more I look at trainers, the less I understand myself as a person' syndrome. Is it the overall look of the trainer with a clean black trouser or a denim dress rather than the unique style of trainer itself? Does the variation between two similar Nike styles make enough of a difference? I know these questions will induce cries of 'sacrilege!' from hardcore trainer fans but they're questions that come to me as I ponder over the waffle soles and tongues in varying shades.
A/N: Need your comment guys^^
Gosh, this is like a dream.
( a bit tore off at the basket net.. Easily to sew back / replace but overall in nice condition)
An evening spent with Fucked Up
A bill in California that would prevent a servicer from recording a notice of foreclosure sale after approving a short sale in writing passed the Assembly Banking and Finance Committee 10-0 Monday and is heading to the Assembly Judiciary Committee for further consideration.
Which makes you dumber--being sober and carrying a concealed weapon, or getting loaded then getting in your car and driving home?
The time it takes to plan, execute, then sell and market a story requires many speeds.
Are you comfortable or uncomfortable with religion/spiritual themes in books? Do you think there is a time and place for that theme? What about "angels and demons" books? Is that a trend you're interested in seeing more of?
Official
What exactly is our national security securing? Certainly not our liberty. We have been sacrificing ever larger chucks of our liberty to the gods of security for decades now and in the interests of securing our liberty have given it all away. Go to an airport if you want to witness the loss of liberty in all its glorious humiliation. One wonders if we actually were taken over by another power and our Constitution dismantled what exactly could they do to restrict our movements, monitor our activities and control our actions that would be any worse or oppressive than what our own government is doing right now?
7. Ironically, I spoke about love on WJZM.com (1400am) this morning! Isn’t it amazing how we get tested like that! I think i got a B-…okay a C…don’t trip…He’s not through with me yet!
I go out every day to get ready. I have no choice but to go out and be hungry, execute and use my talent. Because that’s what I’m up against every time I step on the track. So I guess that’s me because that’s what I have to beat.
calmly to settle herself. She knew this witch.
Honestly, this upset a few people.
R. Et cum spiritu tuo.
Anyway, here's the list. These people have been officially deemed a motherfucker and may be addressed as such without fear of legal reprisal. Much.
comes so serious in their attempts to win the championship.
“Ack, I feel hot. Is it hot in here? Again? Jeez, I’m hot,” I said.
A couple of hours later I walked into a place to buy an empanada; ´What have you got without meat (sin carne)´, I asked. The bloke reacted immediately ´Pollo - ..´ ´No, no, soy vegetariana (with an apologetic smile)´ ´Ah... entonces (names several types of empanadas, ending with La Napoletana)´ I wanted to know what is in La Napoletana (I have learned to be wary); ´Jamon, queso, tomates.´ ´Qué?!´ not sure I really heard what I heard ´Jamon, queso, tomates´ he repeats patiently. ´Ah, no, yo quiero algo sin carne...´ ´Sí, claro (encouragingly).´ I have a moment of confusion, but then decide to be assertive ´Jamon, pero, es carne!´ He gives me an incredulous smile, and then it dawns on him ´Aaaaah.... Sí...´
Malema’s timing could hardly have been worse. Last weekend in the remote farming community of Colenso, in KwaZulu-Natal, Nigel Ralfe, 71, a dairy farmer, and his wife Lynette, 64, were gunned down as they milked their cows. He was critically injured; she died.
Our electronic games can take all the time they want in arriving as I need to shuffle the cards for Game #3 so I can avenge myself.
Now it appears that nine months after the fact the FBI sent four agents to the Jacobsen's home for a lengthy interview. Given her description of their meeting, the demeanor of these agents was not adversarial. In fact, in some ways they affirmed her intuitive response to the situation in which she found herself. Thus it is reasonable for Jacobsen to assume that "they believe something happened." What that "something" is may never be discovered. Or it may be discovered and never disseminated. At the very least their interrogation is a partial vindication of Jacobsen's intuition.
* 02 – Share it with Facebook – Tweet it on Twitter.
R - Well, I’m clearly Stan Laurel.
The other big event that SAPA put on for sexual assault awareness month was Take Back the Night on April 19. After watching a short documentary on sexual assault, SAPAs and other CMU community members came together for a march from CMU’s campus to a library in downtown Mount Pleasant, Mich. The march protested the fact that women, minorities, homosexuals and even men have to fear walking alone at night because of sexual assault.
Side note: People sometime ask us how we have 2
(Oakland, CA) Betti Ono Gallery is pleased to present two shows in celebration of Women’s History Month, Art Is A Hammer by Favianna Rodriguez and Felt by Deirdre Baugh. Art Is A Hammer is Rodriguez’s first solo show of 2012 and features new and recent works which include large scale woodblock prints, paintings, digital media, and limited edition posters. The show also offers an exclusive pop-up design shop and marketplace showcasing books and merchandise by women-artists. Additionally, emerging painter Deirdre Baugh offers abstract works on canvas in her first Bay-area exhibit titled Felt. Both shows open Friday March 2, 2012, from 6:00 – 9:00 pm and will be on view through April 13, 2012. Betti Ono Gallery is open Wed- Saturday from 12-5pm and by appointment.
Now in high school, she is determined to be as unladylike as possible so that her friends won’t be jealous of her. While living her life this way contentedly, she meets Tanaka-kun again, but he now goes under the name of Mabuchi Kou. He tells her that he felt the same way as she did when they were younger, but now things can never be the same again. Will Futaba be able to continue her love that never even started from three years ago?” – My Anime List
A Presidency source said the President might consider the call for Azazi’s sacking as a ploy by some northern to get one of their own back to the office.
“Well, what I’m saying is …” He looked around conspiratorially, then whispered, “It could have been a trained foreign militant, couldn’t it?”
All those attending have been reminded to bring a small bottle of water, a small thick towel, sale, ear plugs, wear long pants, long sleeves, jogging shoes. It is also very important to be early – at least by 2 hours.
Guantánamo Bay prison is the cabal’s ‘anti-terrorism’ sacred cow, and must not be allowed to shut down. President Obama cannot be seen as a mature president who could undo with a stroke of a pen, what Bush-Cheney gang have sacrificed the lives of more than 2 million Iraqis, Afghans… and Americans to set up!
cooked chicken,shredded
Until their dying breath.
The sunset alone holds more room for change than those who can consciously change themselves
The next issue raised was in relation to reports by migrant workers to Tenaganita that they are verbally and physically threatened, assaulted and extorted by enforcement officers, including RELA personnel, when they fail to produce their identity documents, which are typically held by their employers.
While on the pier waiting for the Gull to glide past we were kept busy watching and photographing four Shags that came in close to the harbour wall as Kittiwakes and Herring Gulls passed by. Joined by Brendan we waited patiently for the Gull that seemed reluctant to show itself so we busied ourselves taking photos of Turnstones and Kittiwakes that were perching
But when I wear the dress, I'll think of the fond memories.
My love for you is never ending.
The world has shrunk so very small
In the meantime I’ll share some madness with you.
The President of the United States is a Weirdo
How can you ever run out of ideas when you have a food blog?
But sadly, everyone I've ever seen has never been in the store since being featured in this newspaper. I think having their picture posted in it scares some of them into ever venturing into public places again.
When he was given a terminal diagnosis and told he had 2-3 years left, we became even closer than ever before. We talked openly about death and dying. He cried when he got scared and I comforted him. I cried thinking about life without him and he would comfort me and hold me. He assured me that I was a strong woman and that he was so proud of me and that he knew I would be OK. I promised to carry out his last wishes and did just that. He made me promise that I would go on with my life because I was still so young (45 at the time). I didn't want to even think about that but I realized that he needed to hear that from me. It would make it easier for him to deal with his death if he knew he didn't have to worry about me. So I promised and I'm so glad I did. Rich said to me, "Make sure you find a man who treats you well but just remember that no one will ever love you like I do." And I have never doubted that for a second then or now. No one will ever love me that way and I will never love anyone that way again either and it's OK. I feel Rich's love with me every day of my life.
'No. No. Its okay. For now. I'll call you if I feel worse... ' I literally croaked, choking on some vomit. 'I have to go now...'
The items on my Catalogue for the Universe are starting to happen!!! Life is good!
After working through Carroll’s biography, the film moves, quite competently, into the imaginary world of Alice. The novel Alice in Wonderland is mostly interpreted from the perspective of contemporary Gnosticism, where several belief systems are said to point to a common inner truth.
Jon is my rock, the one who makes me less crazy, the one who talks me down, and he was sleeping in England at the time. Fortunately I was prevented from having a complete freakout when Alex told me he did not have a girlfriend and he doesn't want to get married because he wants to live at our house forever.
Hardly any of the people in this class . . .
Hello family and friends,
9. In Your Eyes 8:29
So maybe it’s time once again to highlight to my subscriber-list the finds I’ve made whilst blogging as, until WordPress put things back, it’s not as if you can find them on your own.
SG
But to say that it is none of our business/ that it does not concern ordinary tax payers How much , The highest position in the land gets in income. Is so hypocrytical & insulting. Every penny he earns should be common knowledge. including the amounts of money earned through rental. There should never be a question mark over how much he earns.
Today, there are 27 countries in the European Union. 27 countries unite themselves to be strong, to share products, history, culture, with the others. It's so great !! European Union is a big family that we need to develop and protect. The world suffered from the two World Wars, after the Second one, they realize how cruel people can be, and chose to unite to be sure that it will never happen again. Politics wanted to save their countries, their populations, and it's really important.
Chocolate, unsweetened (1 square/ounce) - 3 T unsweetened cocoa + 1 T shortening, butter or oil
The pic is me at 3. I used Accent Essentionals for the circle and the swirls, Hannah Montana for the butterflies and Storybook for the letters. MS border punch, my I Rock, paper is Reccollections and K&Co. Flower was in a grab bag.
To me, Jaclyn Moriarty’s writing is special. Really truly unusual, even next to other teenage books. Why? Because she creates characters that come across as effortlessly genuine. They face real problems with varying capabilities, they’re individual, and they’re likeable. Other authors manage to write about teens well enough to convince you that they’re real. Very few can make you feel as though for the entire story, you’re eavesdropping on a real group of teens that you might overhear on a bus or at a school or cafe.
“Bahut bura ho raha hai, bahut bura hua,” I said to him. (What is happening is bad, and what happened was bad). It was more an intonation within earshot as in exhaling a knot of emotion than directed at anyone in particular, driven more by the need to share a feeling with another than to start a conversation around the comment.
I said, “He died and went to heaven to be with God and the angels”
And while John Hawkes, who plays the character Teardrop with amazing presence, is not from the south, he was born and raised in rural Minnesota and started his career in theater in Austin, Texas.
just playing with the idea of opening people up, the idea of
Have a wonderful Thursday, y'all!
I know when I first started reading stories at the EMCSA, it would be in 2000, soon after I got a computer, and typed robot stories into Google, lol!
This past week I have learned bundles of information about the importance of communication and the media (hand-in-hand). I didn’t realise that by working in the journalism/ media industry, you could help so many people find valuable information easier to understand.
Auntie Joan came in with a tray. It wasn’t like the painted metal one they had at home with the scratched old roses on it; this was a long wooden tray, with high raised sides, and holes cut in each end for handles. On it were three tall glasses of milk. Carol didn’t like milk, she’d never drink it, not even when Mum heated it up in the milk pan and put sugar in it. Susan wondered if she should say something, explain how Mum had written a letter to school, excusing Carol from the morning milk. She watched Carol wriggling in her seat, she noticed how even Rachel had stopped rolling her socks, waiting to see what would happen.
Many congrats from all of the Fab'n'Funky DT and please email us so that we can get your prize to you. Please don't forget to also claim your Challenge Winners badge which can be found in the side bar.
As I pointed out in my first post, you don’t need to be abused in order to be diagnosed as BPD, however, I do think that most people who have BPD were abused or neglected as children; therefore, I disagree with the last misconception. Also, it should be noted that just because someone doesn’t “report abuse” doesn’t mean they weren’t abused.
On whatever the occasion,
Oh! And Buddy finally gets to participate in this challenge as well! Which is good for him, because he finishes first and wins! Jeremy gets annoyed because he keeps missing, but he finally gets it and finishes fourth. So it comes down to either Conda or Chris. Chris gets it first, so Conda is stuck with the one pound disadvantage.
I guess the only positive thing out of this is that he at least didn't vomit as he did in past trials. And I'm glad he loves his whole grain drink from Trader Joe's so much. Just not sure what I will do when the military decides to move us and there might not be a Trader Joe's around, ack.
and forward...
After a month, The Bank sent a reminder and discovered from his contract employers, the Petroleum Corporation that Mr. Arthur Simermeyer, died in the plane crash On October 31, 1999, (an Egyptian Boeing 767 Flight 990) with other passengers on board as you can confirm it yourself via the website below.
I used to steal the salt shaker from my mom's kitchen and go out to the garden, pick a cucumber, and sit and eat it right there. I hated working in that garden, but the food that came out of it was soo good.
Merrell: This is a stupid conversation.
“Doubt about what?”
Temporality, Contingency and Infinity are necessary elements of human political society. Traditionally, philosophy's purview was not the temporal. But, republic/Aristotilian polis as well as Christianity dealt with the universal and its attainment. These universals were timeless. For Aristotle, the universals were values for which the citizens of the polis strove. For Christianity, it is a God who is outside of temporality but a Being for which humans strive to relate. Here, eternity is the goal of human striving.
What do we do with the Ten Commandments? After all, they were given by God to be obeyed. God told Israel in Exodus 19:5 to obey His voice and to keep His covenant. But what did Jesus Christ do to the law? He fulfilled it. According to Colossians 2:14 the law was blotted out because it was nailed to the cross of Christ. So the apostle clearly states in Romans 6:14 that we are not under law but under grace. Can you take God at His word or do you have to reason with Him.
Party pooper.
- Por favor
Expanded.
Make sure to download That Guy King’s mix tape, entitled ‘#2012'. It was released 12/02 and has already had more than 200 downloads!
I have been the initiator, but it’s not like L didn’t see the appeal on her own. She emailed me a link once to a Salon.com interview with members of the “spanking community.” The interview explained what “red,” “blue,” “yellow,” and “vanilla” meant.
The excavation at Gor Khatri, which continued for four years and published in the British Journal ‘Current World Archaeology’ with the title as ‘The deepest and biggest excavation in the world’ revealed 20 layers that provide a complete profile of the city ranging from British down to the pre Indo-Greek era.
So taking advantage of a stepped design, I used a piece of larger diameter pipe to bring the exhaust back behind my foot, then built a simple megaphone that attached to the end. The megaphone was rather fun to build, as I simply cut out a pie shape wedge from a piece of 2 inch pipe, then shaped the leftover piece into the cone shape, welding along the seam.
Thank you, self.
And I think that’s the point I would make here. Going around and promising a whole bunch of new ideas and new projects and big ideas — that was fine. And maybe we need it; we can do that. I supported the doubling of the National Institutes of Health. But we didn’t have a $1.2 trillion deficit. We didn’t — we weren’t at over — we are now going to reach $16 trillion, which is more than our whole GDP. We were not in that situation 20, 15 years ago.
Today is the perfect day in London with temperatures in the high 80's and I am enjoying a few days here before I settle down in France for the summer. As I jumped into a cab this morning I was greeted with, 'What a day, it doesn't get better than this, does it?' You see even though Londoners complain, and in particular cabbies, they really are very proud about their city....especially when she shines. xv
As Christmas season becomes more hectic, what if I let God drive? Maybe everything doesn't have to be perfect, and maybe I don't have to control every tradition, every holiday nuance. What if I just held on for the ride?
Subway into Busan. Destination: Gwangalli Beach. People People it is 5 p.m. the beach is half full. The streets are half full.
So yes, lots of exciting and daunting things coming up for me :)
Jazakum Allahu Khairan,
5 large eggs
I've read many a rave review about Liz Earle products, but never indulged, mainly because of the price but also because these products aren't really that easy to come by. However this Sheer Gold Shimmer was recommended in Company magazine and I really fancy giving it a try. I'd really like something that would give a subtle shimmer to my skin, especially when its tanned on nights out or hopefully give a gorgeous glow when out in the sun. I found that on the Liz Earle website you can get this for £8.49 for 50ml, however I found a bottle on eBay for £4.00 inc P&P.....
does not see black without seeing black itself. There is no being without black. For mysticism, the discourse of humans who cannot live without secret and want to die awake, black is the universal essential mirage of the current age. In a world where the geologic and elemental domain recedes and melts into spectra, like the meteorite in Lovecraft’s tale, black is the present place where the primordially novel—something “from unformed realms of infinity beyond all Nature as we know it”—emerges, something whose obscurity is at once the veil of an unknown clarity—”this new glow was something definite and distinct, and appeared to shoot up from the black pit like a softened ray from a searchlight”—and the bewildering vista of even deeper black, the unimaginably intimate vision of something “whose mere existence stuns the brain and numbs us
when you ask why
Don't tell my husband this -
Adult learners benefit from being able to take the OSHA 10 Hour Training Course online, because of their special circumstances and the way adults learn.
Compalcomics last auction in March saw Dan Dare and Eagle powered into the stratosphere with £555 pad for The Eagle Club letter and Membership Card, £565 for Dan’s interplanetary figures boxed set by Crescent Toys and £390 for the Horlicks Eagle Rocket Cup and badge.
One thing I really did like was the meetings with the therapist. I'm a psych major, so of course, I always kind of enjoy reading these kinds of scenes, but I thought it was done really well in P.A!
All legs were then power planed to final width and thickness: 5.5" x 4.5".
The net motor insurance providers besides provide totally free automobile rates in addition they provide potential reductions, which cannot provide within the shop. So, by being able to view your vehicle rates On-line, 100 % free may help to a great deal of funds as compared with shopping for vehicle insurance covers off-line. By being able to view On-line automobile offer, 100 % free may help to about 10Percentage by availing of many reductions. They can fetch much more advantages by deciding on package offers. Moreover, a web-based automobile offer could be the lowest priced and easiest option for any potential automobile deal with policy holder.
Sending three postcards costs about a dollar.
When I was reading back on some of my journal entries from the past few months, I think I was doing a self pity thing - and it's okay to feel sorry for yourself every so often, but when you start pitying yourself and only looking at the negative things, I really think that those things become your complete focus, and it becomes impossible to see the positives.
All parents have dreams, but how many of us have slowly and gradually surrendered those dreams somewhere after we’ve hit the familiar potholes of delay, failure and frustration, which may seem to be increasing in their size and frequency as we live out our regular parenting routines... ?
Interested parties are asked to respond to the announcement by Aug. 29.
After some soul searching, and a lot of deliberating with the special few who knew who I was, I decided it was time to go mainstream. It was time to go PUBLIC!
A nice little housewife
Great stories these are. Not so great decisions.
If you look at the combination of attacks on our terms & conditions, the constant media drip-feed of pantomime villain police stories, our apparent replacement by PCSO’s or private guards, the current labelling of all police officers as racist bandwagon and now yet another thing we can go to jail for (chasing criminals and rushing to emergencies) I really wonder if someone is trying to stop us doing our job.
All comments are closing right now but will reopen after the move!
Arrived at Palmetto Island State Park around 1:00 this afternoon. The roads were pretty bad getting here and things were falling off the walls of the coach that normally don't.
Yesterday, in class, we had a discussion about the concept of “Making a living from being an Author.”
So today I'm continuing with my little series of photography. Next week was supposed to be photo editing, but I think I'll make it part II of picture taking. This week will be about lighting and next week will be about layout.
yearning’s wet court of Ys–
But Mr Robinson, 28, real name Stephen Lennon, who has 75,000 Facebook backers, said: “I think we would get millions of votes.
She was beside herself with excitement!
We also managed to visit our dearie ex-colleague Ooi Poh Meng in Seremban,
It's official. Today is the release of Marney K. Makridakis new book Creating Time - Using Creativity to Reinvent the Clock and Reclaim Your Life. If you've ever said "I don't have enough time," this book is for you. If you've ever thought "I wish I had more time for my art," this book is for you.
Beyond the use of POWs as slaves, many became slaves through debt, through inheritance, through conviction of a crime, or sometimes through outright kidnapping. Some of these types of slavery are indeed permitted under the Old Law. However it really would be a stretch to say that it “endorses” slavery as some sort of universal and timeless good. It appears, in my admittedly layman’s view, to be on the level of dietary restrictions, or allowances for polygamy. They were once commanded or allowed by God, but with the advent of the New Covenant and the New Israel, they became moot. What about the New Testament though? Doesn’t St. Paul say that slaves should obey their masters?
* I came home to a noisy house but there was pizza. And soon the two noisiest (Jesse and his friend), cleared out for Boy Scouts, and now my house is so quiet.
Over time I grew to despise cupcakes. My mission in starting DDC was to offer things you could not get just anywhere. I need not point out that every town has a cupcake shop and every city has many multiples of them. I have been trying to phase out cupcakes for the longest time now because of this plus the fact that they are such a pain in the ass, at least the ones I make. I guess I could just make simple toppers that are cute and decorative but you know I'd never take the easy road.......nope, If there's a way to make something complicated and time consuming I'll find it. Despite finding the production quite tedious, I will (just this one time) admit that it's cool to see lots of little things in groupings. I do love miniature stuff =)
I find the biggest challenge in my job is not having enough time. Time to get back to people as quickly as I would like. Trust me, writers who are waiting for submission responses, it does weigh on my mind. But I could work 24 hours a day and not get back to everyone as quickly as I would like.
I think like most creative people I'm interested in all kinds of arts and crafts, I've done so many different things in the past, and I'm sure I'll try many more! I've recently found a renewed pleasure in painting (just for the sheer enjoyment of it, I don't think I'm particularly good!), as well as trying various paper crafts and scrapbooking.
Happy Birthday Zander!
I always considered myself more of a dog man until now.
4. Blood From The Air
Cue - Deveney's of Dundrum........
I want to invent something. I want my creativity and problem-solving to work for me. I want to learn a language - I've always had a propensity for language - musically-minded people do, so I've read.
With 36,000 inhabitants and a surface area of 160.5 square kilometres, the bucolic monarchy sandwiched between Austria and Switzerland enjoys one of the highest living standards in the world thanks to its industrial and financial sectors.
“They’ll watch her. You can come back in the morning. Half the night’s gone already the way it is.”
Christmas is indeed the most wonderful time of the year. It's the only time when G takes over the kitchen and prepares Christmas lunch, leaving me in charge of desserts. It's relatively stress-free for me, although I'm crossing my fingers and hoping that my maiden attempt at baking a red velvet cake tomorrow will be successful. For now, I decided to make some marbled Coke eggs, which are actually hard-boiled eggs which have been simmered and steeped in a Coke and soy "broth" for a few hours. The marbled effect is created by cracking the shell of the hard-boiled eggs all over before simmering them in Coke. The eggs would have absorbed a mildly sweet flavour with a hint of soy, depending on how long the eggs are left in the Coke. These can be served warm or at room temperature, and are great for picnics, parties or just a snack for the kids at home. And they look quite pretty too!
I'm just tired. Tired of being betrayed by my body. Tired of this shit.
The most disturbing was the press statement delivered by the MK veterans outside Luthuli House.
lash out from history’s hungry hunts.
Many people have asked me whether I will continue blogging when I leave Paris. I'm flattered. Truly, it amazes me that there are people out there who read my work with their morning coffee. I cannot thank you enough for your encouraging comments and messages of support.
This is what held up completing the room. I had been searching for one large wood bookcase to fill the wall to no avail. I ended up going back to my first choice (doesn’t this always happen?) which was the Liatorp as two of them together fit the wall perfectly. I love the beadboard detail and painted in this deep coral colour (pulled from the headboard fabric), I think it looks amazing.
1. (tie) Green Flash Brewing Co Vista, CA West Coast IPA West Coast IPA "very floral hop nose and a dry finish add up to a beer both bitter and refreshing. 95 IBU’s might overpower the slight body." – nope, it was fabulous. Great IPA.
Polli is an Australian-based company that is known for its unique and contemporary jewelry, homewares, and decorations. My sister first introduced me to their metal jewelry many years ago and I instantly fell in love with their fun and beautifully intricate designs. I’m currently obsessing over their fox earrings (how cute are those??) and the tandem pendant (such great details), but, really, their Web site is filled with so much eye candy that it’s nearly impossible to make a decision as to what I want to get next. I’m sure, after a quick browse, you’ll be hooked, too!
The problem in listening to customers
The boycott’s best-known feature was the prohibition of direct trade between Israel and the Arab countries; but this in fact was the least harmful of its provisions. The blackballing of companies that merely dealt with companies doing business with Israel enlarged the circle of hatred to immense proportions (Pepsi, among others, participated in the boycott).
Me: It’s about to be Ducktales in this bitch!
Alex Fergusson began by naming youth unemployment the biggest problem facing Dumfries and Galloway at the moment. Like Elaine, he attacked the SNP’s cuts to college funding and described how they had harmed DG College saying that funding and resources are too focused on the central belt. When asked about his opinion on the future of tuition fees in Scotland he questioned the sustainability of the current arrangement: “If you are to continue universally free tuition fees, is it right that it should be at the expense of college funding?”. He went on to applaud the work of the Dumfries Conservative lead council and claimed they were prioritising jobs and young people despite their increasingly tight budget. However he did point out that apprenticeships and vocational college courses needed corresponding jobs at the end of them, and criticized the lack of construction work and such like going on in Dumfries. When asked what would have her party done to help young people in the UK, Ruth Davidson made it clear that education played an important role for employment amongst young people. “It’s all about how we teach in schools, you know if the teachers are teaching properly”. She also made it clear that she wanted to focus on rural areas for employment in doubling job opportunities for young people. Like other members we interviewed, Ruth mentioned the apprenticeships that are being made available for 16,000 young people in the UK; a small but good start to lowering the unemployment rate.
-3-4 cloves garlic, diced
Here is a small sampling of the really great works that my students created. There were so many images it was hard to select which images to feature here on the blog so to see the entire collection please visit my website at nheller.weebly.com and click on the student art gallery or click here to see all of the colorful coils in their glazed glory.
He is currently still dedicating much of his time to the classic piano and he produces new electronic tunes, many of which have elements of his favourite genre: Hardstyle!
8:00-9:00 PM Nikita (season finale)
All these arguments are made in my book, in which I also explain how we can defend freedom and oppose Islamization and cultural relativism in a non-violent and democratic way. In fact, that is what my party, the Party for Freedom, is doing in the Netherlands.
Seven or seventy times seven, is not an absolute limit; Jesus followers must be always willing to forgive, as God freely forgives all who repent of their sin.
How does it get better than that?
I really liked how Bugs was able to create the world he inhabited…and that he could make it work the way he wanted it to. That seemed to be a superpower.
As he took
It’s been decided (by work) that I have 5 more weeks in Southwest Missouri.
The head dude of the entire group in our area was once an Israeli Army soldier, seriously. He was inflexible, anal retentive & often hated me intensely. His son was in my troop. I tried to follow the rules, but never succeeded to his expectations. Our lack of military precision nearly brought him to tears. He was a good guy, working with total idiots.
Honestly, I'm not a movie watcher, so this commentary/observation is rather ironic coming from me. What do you think?
The reform plans centered on making the military’s command structure more efficient, and giving the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff more power to control the Army, Navy and Air Force.
2 ¼ cups (315 g) flour
and i admit that it's all my fault *.*
Introduce a system where if you step out of line or misbehave just once, you lose your monetary investment in this game for a temporary duration. You can even lose it completely, as in forever, if you step out of line three or more times (I’m unsure when a player is permanently banned…) This sort of system makes people extremely wary. And with good reason; I don’t want to spend money on a product that might be taken away from me.
3 cloves garlic, minced or pressed
…The woods are lovely, dark and deep.
Saturday morning I decided I would finish trimming and hauling the holly hedge. This is an undertaking because it's 2oo linear feet of hedges and uphill hauling. As the clock rolled around to mid afternoon I noticed some of the bushes were looking droopy. This is not a good sign. I never get too worried when the annuals go to drooping but when the shade growing bushes get the droop it is an indication of urgent need. So I turned the sprinklers on and went to fetch bags of mulch.
I get that you want feedback. I run this site to provide it. Under NO circumstances will I provide private coaching. Sending emails asking for that, even in the most laudatory terms and couched in compliments annoy the fins off me.
Game, Set and Match to the PIGS!
During the 1950s and 1960s Powell appeared regularly on television. These credits included guest spots on nearly all the major variety shows of the period such as Perry Como, The Andy Williams Show, The Kraft Music Hall, Frank Sinatra, The Ed Sullivan Show, The Hollywood Palace, The Red Skelton Show, Eddie Fisher, The Dinah Shore Show, The Dean Martin Show, The Smothers Brothers, Jonathan Winters, This is Tom Jones, The Garry Moore Show, The Jerry Lewis Show and The Judy Garland Show. She did a stint as one of the What’s My Line? Mystery Guests on the popular Sunday night CBS-TV programme. She also appeared as guest panelist on the same show. TV specials included “Meet Me in St. Louis”, “Young at Heart”, “Feathertop”, “Danny Thomas Show 1967<U+2033>, “Victor Borge Show”, “Ruggles of Red Gap” on Producers’ Showcase and “Hooray for Love”. Dramatic guest spots included both The Dick Powell Show and The June Allyson Show. She also had a failed TV pilot for a sitcom called “The Jane Powell Show”. Powell was also a regular guest on TV variety shows in Australia when she visited there to perform her nightclub act. She also had a one-off TV special in that country in 1964.
Secondly, I studied art history at uni with a much beloved feminist professor. We were discussing the Cabanel painting of the Birth of Venus in contrast to another of its time, Manet’s Olympia. My professor taught us that what made Olympia so modern and (at the time) shocking was the eye contact and mental engagement of the subject, whereas Cabanel painted his model with her mental organ pinned down by her hand. In a weird way, I’m tying this back to hats. Your brain, probably the most sexy body part you’ve got, is inside that head of yours, so cap it off with something worthy of what’s going on in there. Don’t pin it down with ridculous cheap looking details. Go for quality. Go for something that makes you feel confident and then sashay into a room like Pippa down the aisle.
this recipe also freezes well
Meanwhile we had moved to help lower our expenses, into a duplex. A wonderful family, the Buxcel's, had helped us move. They were a family on the road at the time. They were in the Reno area for a month or so and we went and met up with them a few times. I picked at their brain a lot about living on the road and we checked out their bus. It made me desire it even more!
“There is only one way to find out.”
At one point towards the end of the night, the coaches all walked past the stage where we’re stood, and I was within about six inches from Sir Tom (not Tim, Holly) Jones. Will was within spitting distance too.
We wear the mask!
Anyway, there I was, driving a route van with one hand and taking pictures out the window with the other (I am nothing if not a safe driver), when I came across this:
What about you? Are you abiding in His will? It begins with salvation. From 1 Timothy 2:4, “Who will have all men to be saved.” From then on it is to obey the rightly divided Word of God and walk in the Spirit, and you will not fulfill the lusts of the flesh. (Galatians 5:16)
China has invested around 40 billion dollars in the Islamic republic’s oil and gas sector, but Chinese imports of Iranian oil fell in the first half of 2010, a senior Iranian official told Mehr news agency on Saturday.
Even though my ghosts and skeletons have long since gone
Man, that's enough rant for today. Also, I have to go grocery shopping. Yup. My life's just that exciting.
Personally, I think that this is looking to be like a good cinematic experience. My only issue is that from the trailer, it looks like a whole bunch of “material” is going to be squished into the movie and I am keeping my finger-crossed that the script writers did a great job incorporating all that material together.
Run at least 12 races. - This seems silly for a race-aholic, but I hope to do a lot more marathons this year which means I'm going to have to give up some of the other races so that I can get in the right miles. I think last year, I ran almost every weekend in January and February and I'm giving that up so I can focus on the ultra.
The verb sustain is a word that means to keep in existence, to maintain. Other definitions are: to supply with nourishment, to support from below and to keep from falling or sinking. Thus, the vast spectrum of sustainability is not only a concept related to ecology or environmental sciences but it reaches human, social and economic spheres. As Harlem Brundtland has defined it, a sustainable development is a development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. The satisfaction of the essential human needs (food, clothing, shelter, jobs) means the control, exploitation and management of raw materials and energy throughout specific habitats. For Brundtland a sustainable development requires meeting the basic needs of all and extending to all the opportunity to satisfy their aspirations for a better life.
Missed publication dates, missed payment schedules, books published that have not been paid for, dropped communication, bogus-sounding excuses--what's going on here? Let's take a closer look at Arvo.
In a few days, Betty Buff Sugarscrubs will be taking over from Tasmia Trinkets and Charms as Henado Business of the Month. We will be telling you lots more about them in the next few days, but for starters, here is what they say about themselves:
-hello?! paper bags?!
He looked at me (as much as an autistic kid can) and says “Lemur-Dad, what is our password?”
Notice that I agree that anyone can experience temporary setbacks or illnesses. I was NOT saying that parents should lose their children if they become disabled or ill. I was saying that parents should not be allowed to conceive and bring children into the world KNOWING they are unable to properly care for them — that is the distinction with a difference here.
What features are you drawn to over and over again?
The birth of these two bundles of miracles is such a blessing. I feel hope today. I find myself smiling at the mere thought of them. The pride I feel for these children of mine to give themselves over completely to these babies is immense.
I think my rating was a 5 or a 6.
sitting in a fat and comfy chair
This clown on the other hand – with his smeared greasepaint and his insecurities – is seductive. I’ve been imagining a world in which he could live – a world populated by tattooed, pierced prop artist / roadies, and an acting troupe made up from self-identified vampires, their consenting blood dolls, militant pagans, and other societal drop-outs. There’s a middle-aged, asexual couple with fluid gender-identities too – I think they design the special effects, create the makeups and manage the books. I am in love with them all.
You must have loved me to look at me that way?
Unfortunately for our weekend plans, that keg of Boucanèe did not
We got Jack
Showtime’s drama Homeland, which finished its first season in 2011, has quickly become an award winning, critically acclaimed show. Brilliantly written, the show plays at America’s fear of foreign invaders. The story begins when Nicholas Brody (Damian Lewis) returns to America after surviving nine years as a prisoner of war. As Brody tries to fit into a drastically different world, with a son he never got to know and a wife that has tried to move on, Carrie Mathison (Claire Danes) launches an investigation on him. A brilliant yet reckless CIA analyst, Carrie received information that an American POV had been turned and believes that POV to be Brody. Full of twists and turns, the first season was a 9.5 out of 10. It already won 2 Golden Globes but I believe it deserved more for five specific reasons.
She had a range of responses to crime – including for minor offences and for those cases that were highlighted by the staff as being inappropriate for formal prosecution. It involved such informal police reactions as ensuring a written letter of apology to a nurse – welcome for many reasons if the offender was a child with literacy issues. Adults were invited to repay the cost of minor damage as many people in wider society are so invited, as an alternative reparation. Some offenders received fixed penalty notices for damage – fining them £80 and some received police cautions.
The heavens can’t bear your pain
So on February 10th I go and we talk about and it turns out that there is no sign of it in my blood. They have tested for the IgA protein and the level is in the normal range. They wanted a urine sample, but I was too tired to stick around and promised to come in another day. So that was enough to bolster my spirits. The assured me that the fatigue had nothing to do with the myeloma. My white blood cell count was down, which led them to believe I was having a tough time recovering from a virus.
AAAaaaaahhhh ~ and here we have "The Kidnapper" from Aronzi Aronzo's The Cute Book!! Bet you can't even GUESS who made him! Yup, that's right, the 13 yr.old son who decided he really HATES the sewing machine. I did have final pity on him, though, & let him hand-stitch the head & the hat.....much mmuuuuuucchh better. (He does not love this home ec course for homeschool particularly overmuch....however, he WILL appreciate any future wife's attempts from here on out, I am certain. ;-D)
Till we feel the far track humming,
The first in a vowel variant word sort. This activity has four beehives labeled with one of these spellings: oo, ew, ue, ou. Students will match the bees to the hives. Students then record responses on a provided recording sheet.
Nine copies sold between the three of us. We all felt like we got our money's worth. Not because it was good, remember, but because it spoke that little spot in our hearts that loves those kinds of stories. The fact that it was kind of poorly written just made it that much better.
The girls and I kept very quiet today. We tidied up a little bit, read books, watched the Trinkabelle DVD. I had an appointment with my specialist for my post-surgery check-up. Next time I have a doctor's appointment, I'm going to convince the kids I'm feeling poorly, because those little girls sat placidly in the double pram, nibbling rice crackers and reading Dora books. No one needed to go to the toilet, no one disgraced themselves in their nappy, no one continuously interrupted Dr. Johnson asking for drinks or more snacks or to go to the circus. It was the easiest doctor's visit I've ever had, and I even had to get up on the examining table!! Seriously. If telling the kids how sick I am guarantees good behaviour.....well. You know what I'll be doing next time!
This West is a lot grittier, a lot mangier, and a lot less welcoming than anything we've seen before. Heck, the world of 2050 was a lot more appealing to me and they had giant grasshoppers! The story is told from Hex's perspective, with the captioning being Hex relating the tale, something that wasn't done a lot in early nineties but is so much in vogue now, with a colored caption and small symbol indicating who is 'talking'.
I had read a lot pre-race (too much I’m sure) and had really searched for ways to make sure I could make the 20-26.2 leg. The unknown, that you’ve never done, is the hard part. There are so many stories of hitting the wall, boinking out, etc. I tried to be as mentally prepared as I could. The things that popped into my mind again and again during the race were really just 2:
-Traditional Japanese dancing at the end!
After the weekend we'll spend a few days gradually wending our way across to Adelaide where we'll stay for 9 days, primarily to watch the National Hockey League finals, but also to see the sights of this beautiful city and surrounds. Russell will join us for the first weekend in Adelaide during his one-week flying visit from Belgium.
it don't matter how you worship
My awesome friends made a prayer chain and there was someone praying for us the entire time we were traveling home, even during the night. We were an answered prayer as the 14.5 hrs flight went amazingly well! She maybe only cried a total of 15 minutes the entire flight! She slept, snacked, played, giggled, but very few tears. Praise the Lord! We had dreaded those 14.5 hours more than anything else over the 2 wk trip and it ended up being a breeze! We arrived safely in Chicago with the newest American! She was such a happy and chipper little thing as we waited on our luggage. We went through customs quickly and even had a chance to change Brielle's clothes before boarding the flight to Indy. As we boarded that plane, the man sitting behind us saw us coming with a baby and said, "Oh, this will be fun. Good thing I brought ear plugs!" I tried to reassure him that she's a good traveler. Sure enough, she fell asleep before we ever took off and I had to wake her up after we got off the plane! Not a single peep the entire flight.
A revokable dwelling trust, a way associated with protecting resources above $100,Thousand or higher
's the deal.
and of course, it would have to have its own problem.
Vegetable oil, for cooking
It is a fact, homeless children change school 3 to 4 times in one year. Many times their things are left behind, or they are stolen. It is my goal, as The Backpack Lady, to provide new backpacks and school supplies to homeless children throughout the entire year.
He seized the opportunity to encourage Christians, especially more women to participate in politics in order to instill discipline and show good examples for the youth to emulate rather than leaving it to some politicians alone.
This bag and tag was made for the following:
Screw you to co-workers who actively try to sabotage others work and reputations to make themselves feel better.
Or, at least I claim not to care about the work, while at the same time I'm throwing myself headlong into it. Is it just that too much of my ego and too many fears about my livelihood are wrapped up in the work I do for pay? Or is something else going on? All last week I was haunted by my apparent inability to answer for myself the question Summer Pierre asked at her blog last Monday: "What the hell DO I care about besides MYSELF?" Perhaps if I could answer this question more clearly, I wouldn't be so likely to lose myself in work.
It is important to stress that circumventing the legal handicap by acquiring any kind of firearm on the black market would be a bad idea at present, and the current author does not advocate any such activity. Things will presumably take care of themselves in that respect when the situation has deteriorated sufficiently. Those fortunate enough to live in countries where firearms can be acquired legally should take full advantage of the opportunities so afforded as soon as possible, bearing in mind that governments have been known to introduce draconian restrictions on the legality of firearms in very short periods of time.
I've told you all before what a great street I live on in Toronto and what makes it
Yet another is that public spending gets out of control as the ANC promises more free things to more people and puts more of them on to the public payroll, including now members of Umkhonto we Sizwe. We might also see a more rigid labour market, destructive interventions in agriculture, attenuation of property rights, damage to private health care, more malfeasance with mining licences, further corruption of the criminal justice system, and more local governments collapsing.
Bedlam erupted for the next few minutes as I tried to clean the wounds, Luke alternately howled at the pain, insisted he did NOT want stitches and speculated on how to fix the bike, Terry tried to inspect the damage and proclaimed that his chin would probably only require one or two stitches (in a tone that said he wasn't sure it was worth the bother if Luke didn't want them anyway) and Matt trying to shake enough sleep from his eyes to figure out why his brother was covered in blood.
Nicole continued to read Andrew's emails for about a week, but never responded to them.
8. Get a dermal anchor piercing: Decided to wait until after the wedding.
In fact, if you have ever owned a dog, you will be happy about how easy it is to make your house childproof. A puppy can get into stuff the first day, but a baby is immobile for the first few months.
Do you believe this? If so, what is your dream? And what support and help do you need to carry it out?
Who can resist a cute snoozing pomeranian? Any transgression will be forgiven ...just about! Customize the front with the funny excuse and write the real reason inside. It will raise a smile and that's half the battle to being forgiven. Other possible customisations for the front:
Oh yeah, sorry this post is pretty long because it's my first week!
NUCLEAR ENERGY IN JAPAN - UPDATE MAY 4, 2012
My husband also chooses not to engage in any social networks. It became my responsibility to keep him abreast of the important events in his friends’ lives. During my hiatus from facebook, a close friend of his moved to Las Vegas and another had a baby. We knew of neither of these events because our daily, face-to-face social networks included neither of these friends. Being disconnected is possible, but one has to be making the decision to be disconnected while consciously aware of the real likelihood of losing touch with people whose primary means of communication is a social network online.
Strength: Tom Izzo coaches this team so you know it will be as tough as nails. The Spartans play in your face defense and are monsters on the glass as usual. Teams are shooting just 37.8 percent from the field against them while they’re out-rebounding opponents by over eight boards per game. These are staggering stats that let you know how they had the kind of season they had.
There are many ups and downs, and we even get to meet Victorian's father. You'll probably enjoy Riley's new powers though. That is when the story started to get more interesting. She can now see something that happened in someone's life just by touching them.
And there you have it, the backwards loop cast on:) Can you believe how easy that was??? You just keep on adding loops to the needle for the amount of stitches you will need for a particular project.
Topic for discussion (optional): Education is a Life!
The WORD says… Give because you have received favor with God (11 Corinthians 8:9).
For the same reason, Malaysians of all races and religions are blessed in having a monarchy system – the Malay Rulers’ institution (MRI) – that has helped to unify the people, irrespective of their race or religion. Irrefutably, Barisan Nasional (BN) or Pakatan Rakyat (PR), whichever coalition governs the country will have to preserve the MRI. This is constitutional.
Ultimately, though, culture helps to give your characters more humanity and helps us, as people, to try to understand cultural differences through fiction. And having nuanced, more human characters that help us understand about both ourselves and other people is a sign of good fiction, isn’t it?
Level 9: MP Cost: 22, jumps for a certain distance.
One author shared a venture she’s helping to spearhead to digitally publish backlists for others. Perfect! What strategies are they using to relaunch these books? Well, they’re covering the books, formatting them and putting them out on as many venues as possible because that’s how books get discovered. Um, could she elaborate on that? Elaborate? What was there to elaborate?
8 oz Flaked Oats
poverty is inequality/poverty is absolute
'So I see,' she said. She seemed to be drinking whisky, neat.
As a part of the “Pin to Win: Build Your Dream Room” contest, Pinterest users will be able to search through, organize and share their favorites among the thousands of home furnishing items found on HSN.com’s House Beautiful Marketplace site, as well as other design sites found on the Web.
Director, Human Resources
"It's like they just see things simpler. Apple = ball = throw ball = fun!"
Preheat oven to 375. While oven heats, spray the bottom and sides of pie dish with non-stick cooking spray. Then spread refried beans on the tortilla and put the tortilla (bean side up) into the baking dish. Next sprinkle half of the cheese over the beans. In a bowl combine the milk, eggs and the rest of the cheese and whisk together until well combined. Then mix in the chopped spinach and stir to combine. The spinach should be cut into large bite size pieces. Next pour the entire egg mixture over the tortilla and beans and bakes in the 375 degree oven for 18 minutes. After 18 minutes, turn the oven up to 425 and bake for an additional 5-7 minutes or until it is golden brown and puffed up a bit.
There are two of them (of the 5-6 seeds we planted... hoping that's not a bad sign!) just like this one, but the picture I took of both of them was all fuzzy thanks to all of the humidity fogging up my camera lens yesterday evening.
I retired at the end of September. Naturally I assumed that I would have a ton more time to do all those things that I was unable to do during those 60 hours each week that now belonged to me, and no longer were a part of my employer's agenda. One of those things, of course, was going to be blogging.
San Francisco, CA
I'm the one who's going to pay the price for what I don't have, and I'm
Neverlnd16
OREKTlKA
PRC 2 aired the first episode of the season last night and viewers were thrown instantly into the nerve-wracking process of what it takes to make it as a fashion designer in Canada. The designers on the show are all up and coming with a few on the scene designers who have already began to create a name for themselves. For the other designers who are new to the scene, the show displayed the intensity of what lies at stake for any designer hoping to make it.
Then once again apply glue to the bottom circle and stick down. I usually use a pair of tweezers to grab the centre and twist it a bit once I have glued it but before it dries to tweak it to exactly how I want it.
At the start of a new diet, many women find themselves giving in to temptation because it can be very hard to deal with hunger pains and the lack of eating favorite foods.
"It's a miracle!" hubby said to the mechanic without receiving a reply.
I was thinking that had my father still been alive today, he would be 91 years old. My mother is at the threshold of turning 80. Yes, eleven years' difference between the two of them and it was never such an issue, as far as I could see.
Hey all. Quick post today. I am the May hostess and the first challenge I came up with was to make a card with ribbons and/or pearls. I had thought that my card would be frilly and feminine for Mother's Day, but my muse decided on tween birthday instead.
It's soooo humid here in Singapore! I wish it will rain soon.... cats & dogs! Looking at the sky from the window, I know it's raining in some areas. Unfortunately, not in this area..... Rain, rain, please come here........
So, while you are making this recipe, you need to be careful because there are jalapenos being used. I have cooked several times with hot peppers, and never had any kind of issue…ever. Well, that was true until I made this last week. I had already put together the entire dish, and it was in the oven baking. I cleaned up the kitchen, washed my hands, and then went to the guest bathroom to install a towel rod. I got some dust in my eye after I drilled the hole into the wall, and naturally I wiped my eye with my hand. About 30 seconds later I felt my eye starting to burn a little bit….10 more seconds go by and it’s getting progressively worse. I tell my husband that I think I may have gotten pepper in my eye, and 2 seconds after that it feels like my eye is ON FIRE and I start screaming and running into the kitchen to wash it out. Taking the head from the sink, I run the water over my eye for about 5 minutes, and I still feel no relief. I had my laptop open on the counter and was telling my husband to look up something to help. One article suggests to pour milk into your eye. Okay. I take a cup of milk and hold it up to my eye and slowly let the milk surround my eye. No relief. I continue doing this for a few minutes. It’s not helping. Then, I start to think that maybe the pepper residue is on my contact, so I decide I have to take it out. I wash my hands 3 more times, and then take out my contact and my eyes seriously starts burning like it is on super fire again. So I start screaming again, and repeat this whole process with the water and milk. Finally after about 20 minutes it’s started feeling bearable, and slowly got better. Then I was paranoid that I still had pepper residue on my hands, but how could I get it off?? I already washed my hands at least 10 times, and then they still burned my eye when I took my contact out. Thank god for the internet because there were tons of different suggestions…lemon juice, oil, Dawn, alcohol, acne face wash….. So I tried it all, several times each. I didn’t touch my eyes or face for the rest of the night, and I was super paranoid to put my contacts in the next morning (a new pair, because I was paranoid the other pair was contaminated with Jalapeno residue), but I when I put them in nothing happened and I felt like I was in the clear. I noticed a few times throughout the day though, that after I touched my face that area of skin would start burning slightly. This was all very weird.
In responding to the prayer for renewal of Pope John XXIII (ca.1962), the Lord has, in His own sovereign power, initiated a work of spiritual renewal in His Church that permits us to reclaim the fullness of our legacy in Christ (cf., “The Charismatic Renewal”). By His Grace, I am a participant in this movement of His Grace and I am here to proclaim to you the Good News that the grace of God is here for you also – the Kingdom of God is here for you to enter into the fullness of His blessings and receive the Empowerment Gifts of the Spirit through the Baptism in the Holy Spirit, just as was prophesied by the Apostle Peter at Pentecost (cf., Acts 2:38-39). As the Apostle Paul once said, “As God’s fellow workers we urge you not to receive God’s grace in vain. For he says, ‘In the time of my favor I heard you, and in the day of salvation I helped you.’ I tell you, now is the time of God’s favor, now is the day of salvation!” (2 Cor. 6:1-2)
13. United States of America: "are," not "is"
NUTS cat tucks his tail between his legs and follows BAD cat out the door.
anyways, here's my card
Payeh Bileh is one of Aceh style side dishes that is made from anchovies and spice up with numbers different herbs before wrapping them in banana leaves. There are many other different kinds name of pepes in Indonesia depend on the area. Pepes is a cooking technique employing banana leaf for wrapping and widely use in Indonesia. Brengkesan in Javanese, Brengkes in South Sumatra, Pais in Sundanese, Palai in Minangkabau, and Payeh in Acehnese.
6Blessed and holy is he that hath part in the first resurrection: on such the second death hath no power, but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
Even the hawkers and guides, mostly whose constant attention is otherwise unwanted – flattered us a great deal; especially my Mother who told everyone – “I not pretty Indian girl, I 50 years old today!!” And in return she would get – “Awww, no Madam – how can this girl be daughter- you two sisters???”
One thing I've always enjoyed about the hobby is the vast amount of different opinions among collectors.
Overall, this kit is a great way to try the brand, use for travel, and get better skin. Both myself and my friend really enjoyed the products in the kit, and liked the way they smelled. I'd recommend checking it out!
Digression: In some parts of Asia, the suicide rates spike up in April and I have research to prove it. Still, taking as I do, my identity in Christ rather than cultural boundaries, I’m very grateful for my relationship with him and with the family I do have!
Planxty- Words & Music, Altan, Pale Saints- In Ribbons, The Negro Problem- Post Minstrel Syndrome, Ivy- Apartment Life, Damien Dempsey- Seize The Day, Francois Breut- Vingt a Trente Mille Jours, Juana Molina- Son
She took a step towards him and he was gone, leaving the street empty in front of her. Why? She went to walk after him and frowned when her arm lagged behind her, held fast by something. Her eyes drifted to her wrist and the hand tightly grasping it.
We’ve been doing really well lately, no leftovers for anything!
“Sunday’s Bersih 3 demonstration is no doubt the biggest and the most violent in the series,” stated Dr M unequivocally.
A: No. I actually love men and Woman. I love human beigns. I think there are few with whom I share core values and those are so rare. Communication is about sharing an idea, a thought, beauty, sufferance, art. I find it hard to choose a testimonial with whom I share all of this.
- Sentiment by Craftwork Cards, mounted onto a plain oval and then a scalloped one
Come and join us for Thee Polyvinyl Craftsmen Christmas Bash, Laggers, Miggins and Coop came out of the shed to the warmth of the Miggins house for A PVC party with family and friends to record our Xmas special. Along with a selection of festive nuggets we invited our family to share some of their favourite tunes too. Presents were given, food was munched and booze was chucked back in a two hour frenzy of good cheer.
invented a light that uses both a RECHARGABLE battery and two backup, alkaline batteries. The reason for multiple battery types is to insure adequate power. Solar power only works with adequate SUNLIGHT. The longer the solar cells are exposed to daylight, the longer the charge. Conversely, less daylight means less charge. All SolPals lights have the option to be either completely solar-powered or to use built-in hybrid technology. The hybrid sensor first utilizes all stored solar energy, then, if necessary, automatically switches to the backup alkaline batteries.
Back to School Survival Kit
Thank you in advance....I know in my heart there will be many who will help me and Anne see this finished and in a very timely manner.
A sound collection presented for sale at a function of the Cincinnati Artists Group Effort
Jane Jacobs observes that “buildings should not cut sun from a park . . .if the object is to encourage full use.” On a clear day, sun and shadow will travel around a park like a sundial and people can be observed to follow the sun.
No. I didn’t go and talk nicely to them for weeks to INSPIRE them to go and do their very basic democratic and civil responsibility. I was too fucking busy trying to run the world.
It sets out in remarkable clarity what is wrong with the EUnion, and why it will lead to the exact opposite of what the EUnion clais it is for. The closing is particularly strong, arguing that those of us who loath the EUnion at least share the vision of a prosperous and peaceful continent. Where we and the EUrocrats part ways is in our vehement opposition to the means employed by the EUrocrats. It is not whether we want peace and prosperity. It is how we will achieve it.
Apply a bit of “in your shoes, but for the grace of God” and wake up to the real story…and the punchline is the real story is not about “humanitarian’ disaster relief or so-called “looters”, it’s about politics and capitalism.
A Federal Way, Washington man has filed a lawsuit against the maker of Monster Energy Drinks. He claims he found a dead mouse at the bottom of his can, and he has the lab work to prove it.
09. Jane - 1948
La Revista Della Televisione con Vinny Vedecci
All matter is in essence a group of particles vibrating at a common frequency, (a current scientific theory) and it is understandable that we human beings, made up of particles vibrating at a certain frequency, are affected by other vibrating particles–positive or negative–depending on the interaction.
Put your butt in the seat
16 Fall In Love With Me
Love with your whole being.
Needless to say, I was (and am) an enormous fan of 1979's The Muppet Movie, which was everything you’d want a Muppet Movie to be and a great deal more. A fictional origin story, exploded with in-jokes and meta-references, and studded with hallucinatory cameos by legendary show biz giants, including Bob Hope, Milton Berle, Edgar Bergen and Charlie McCarthy, Orson Welles, Mel Brooks, Steve Martin, and many others. And full of these great, funny, sentimental songs by Paul Williams — I wore out the grooves of the soundtrack record playing it so much.
To a New Covenant believer, this room is the current covenant. The seven-branched lampstand may represent the Seven Churches (Revelation 1-3), the Seven Spirits of God (Isaiah 11:1-2, Revelation 4), and the lampstand seen in Zechariah 4. The Table represents communion, in which the saved community intakes bread as the very presence of God. Finally, the incense alter is prayer (Revelation 8:4).
I started to realise as I drove that to have a drink would not only allow the other party to really ‘win’, but much more importantly, it would also require me to lose, and lose much more than them. I had remained sober for the best part of 3 weeks and I did not want to literally piss that all away. Even if I had been strong enough to get back on the wagon the next day, I didn’t want to go back to Square One and ‘Day One’ all over again. I had those 17 or so days in my bank and I didn’t want to withdraw them. I realised all by myself that to have had that drink may well have helped me in the very short term. But in the wider scheme of things it would have cost me much more than the instant promise of release that it offered.
Unfortunately the only feeling I could sum up was one of faint irritation. Yes, I most definitely got out of the wrong side of bed this morning, and what is worse, I am home alone and the Head Chef is not around to take the blame (for it was surely his fault, as he was out boozing with the boys and came home late so I was forced to wait up for him, reading a very interesting book). Well, maybe not boozing, he tells me that he only drank one small glass of wine, but certainly I feel quite out of sorts because of it.
Enjoy your saturday-
“I. . . ” I couldn’t say anything. I couldn’t open my eyes. Quivering, I exhaled.
I hate shorts and only wear them when I absolutely have to. Like doing yard work... which I NEVER do. Casual cotton skirts are my subsitute for shorts in the summer. They are cool, casual options for us ladies that don't have the prettiest of thighs.
I’m excited for Micah’s baseball team. They started their tournament in the very lower part of the standings listing, yet they are now doing very well in the tournament. They have won their first two games. They have two games to go – one tomorrow afternoon against the #1 seeded team (Yikes!) and then one more after that, either for the championship or for third place, depending on the result of tomorrow’s game. Go Raptors!
The noise stopped. Xu Guan heard muffled voices as he pushed the sliding window the rest of the way open. The view to the ground brought another round of nausea. Xu Guan dry-heaved as he lifted one leg over the sill of the window.
I predicted the worst for our bitter rivals Twitch FC but they didn’t get what I wanted….they got “it” all the same. Barcelona would have mutilated Twitch FC convincingly but I believe that Real Madrid will be too much for them. This season scripts have been torn and rewritten. I’m in no fucking mood to see an upset. So CR7 and co….you know what to do. I’ll certainly love to see Gomes concede a 40-yard free kick like our dear ol’ Almunia.
9:55 Barack Obama speaks via video. He missed what city he was in initially (St. Louis instead of Kansas City), but they put his daughters on, and Sasha said “Daddy, what city are you in?” That was classic.
Well, fellow sewers I have the Super-Duper sewing machine. Yes, you heard right I begged, borrowed and borrowed some more for the Topaz 30.
Appellation: Valdadige
I have been sitting in this question the last few days as I let go of soul contracts that no longer work for me. Even though I don’t know exactly what this looks like, I trusted my guides to work with me, and through me, on this matter.
I’ve fallen asleep during two game 7’s and skipped out on the Preds Coyotes game Sunday night and the Kings Blues game Monday night. It’s been complete disinterest. Flyers games are easy to get into because they’re the Flyers and they’re the team I put my heart and soul into rooting for but all the other games have been “meh.”
I spent the rest of our time hoping to find her on the slopes or in the ski lift line. My head ached a bit, my left thigh throbbed, and my hand and shoulders were starting to feel tender. But I wanted to smile at her one more time.
Proverbs 10:22 The blessing of the LORD, it maketh rich, and he addeth no sorrow with it. GOD IS GOOD ALL THE TIME!
Chris Petrella (REP) 0.62% 22
The incident occurred on 29 December when an embassy driver was dispatched to the club to pick up three marines and one civilian staffer.
Paul E. Jeffers, 39, New York, N.Y.
Half a league onward,
How do you “escape,” dear readers?
“Thank you, uncle Cerny.” I freeze as I look at all the faces out there. That’s when I notice in the shadows of the corner of the room, a man. I can’t quite make out his face. I wonder if he is one of my uncle’s men, I cant tell from here.
I wish I could remember them - quite poignant they were.
There was no other incident the rest of the night. Still, Olivia had a hard time sleeping. The other girls in the cellblock made noise all night, hollering and talking trash. The hard mat was so uncomfortable. Of course it was cold.
This week has been an unfortunate reminder of why we have puke rules in our house. The rules are pretty simple and have been drilled into my kids. Even my 6 year old can quote them back to me. Thankfully, so far this week, all puking kids have abided by the rules. Unfortunately, because of a surprise stomach bug, #3 had to use rule number 4 – leaving a large spot in our upstairs hallway for me to shampoo.
Since I've already exposed myself to be a porn snob, I might as well continue in that vein by declaring Catherine Ringer's performance way too awesome to be wasted in a film like this. It doesn't take long to realize that Catherine is immensely talented, as even the sight of her standing motionless in a window manages to convey a surprising of amount of depth. The audience is no doubt thinking to themselves, "Who is this woman, and why does she fascinate me so much?" Of course, nowadays, this kind of emotional breadth is no longer welcome in the realm of modern day erotica. But let's not dwell of the differences between the arty smut of the past and the crude, dehumanizing porn of the present, let's get back to extolling the many virtues of Catherine Ringer–who is credited here as "Lolita Da Nova."
The SNES had some fantastic RPGs and not all of them were made by Square and Enix. Taito also got in on the act from time to time. The first in the Lufia series has one of the biggest bombshell reveals towards the game's climax. The soundtrack, is an excellent reminder of why I love SNES music. Fans of this series argue that this game has superior music to it's sequel, which is actually a prequel to this game. Lufia's first town theme is very quaint and homey, which works just fine for me.
have great support for arches,
Stage 4 Is it technical?
It caught the poet's imagination too. Many subsequently joining the International Brigade. Many were determined to fight for Spain, to the inernational cause of solidarity. Unfortunately as the war progressed many became confused and dissullusioned by certain divisions that had begun to set in. Communists became more intent on destroying Anarchists and Trotskyists instead of standing together against the fascists. A problem that continues to this day with members of the left fighting one another instead of our common enemies. We have a lot of lessons to learn. Complex ideas were fiercely fought but all who stood up against fascism were heroic and worthy of respect, their cause in my opinion just , a flame that will never die, sharing principles of brotherhood of man and a sense of justice, driven by political and humanitarian convictions.
Cheers, and thanks to anyone who’s joined me here.
Anyone?
Favorite non-alcoholic drink : Water
At one point he told the listeners that he's almost 70 years old and can't believe that he's still having to write about the issue of sexual identity and acceptance almost 25 years after A Prayer for Owen Meany. Irving, I think, even shocked Diane when he stopped just short of calling Americans neanderthals - I believe the word troglodytes may have been broached - when it comes to sexual mores.
On to other achievements, Benson had his first real bath and he has also taken a bath with his big brother Owen. He eats about 5-6 ounces a feeding. He is getting chubby from all that eating as well. We are seeing those rolls get bigger and bigger. He started smiling just after he turned a month and it is so sweet. His personality is starting to show through more and more. It is amazing how children of the same sex, born to the same parents, in pretty much the same stage of life can be so inherently differnt. Benson is a lot more sensitive than Owen. He just needs someone there with him the whole time he is awake. He gets scared and startled very easily. He hates any type of pain and wails as soon as he feels it. He is a Mommy's boy. Benson is such a good traveler and church companion thus far(I'll probably eat my words on this one). He still has his hair (most of it at least) which surprised us, we thought he would lose it like Owen did. Although, it isn't floofy anymore, it has grown out so it stays down now. I guess he still could but as of right now he has only lost a bit in the front but all the rest has stayed strong. Benson is a binky baby, sometimes that is the only thing that will soothe him and he holds them in like a champ. He still has reflux and spits up a ton, that hasn't changed one bit, except for maybe doing it even more. He is already wearing mostly 3 month clothes. His eyes are a dark blue on the outside and a light blue on the inside, I doubt that will stay but I guess we'll see. When Owen plays by him, he loves to watch him. It is almost like he is trying to soak everything in. He hates swinging, which is a bummer, and really just likes to be held all the time. He is doing better at just lying on this back on a blanket, but it still doesn't last long. Even though he is a pretty fussy baby, he still is very flexible considering he has an older brother around but I just do appreciate it. His feet have pretty much outgrown all the socks we have that will stay on his feet. His legs still aren't quite chubby enough to hold up the bigger socks that will fit him. He still has a bit of a hoarse/raspy cry and has a definite pouty lip. He has such a sweet countenance about him and even with his crying he brings such a peace to our home. He likes to snuggle and cuddle so we LOVE that. Benson sure has blessed our lives immensely and it is hard to remember just weeks ago when he wasn't in our family yet.
“Everybody was concerned that foreign parties would exploit demonstrations by some (Egyptians) outside the embassy (in Cairo) to attack members of the mission,” Al-Sharq daily quoted him as saying.
How many times have we seen this in real life? Think of all the people who make decisions based on a desire to get rich, and “pierce themselves with many sorrows”. There are hundreds of examples, from the people who choose careers based on the money and are chained to working 80 hour weeks at jobs that aren’t fulfilling, to gambling addicts, to shopaholics, to plain old thieves–the list goes on and on. But we also don’t want to react in fear to these possibilities, and run away from money. We need to start with being content and accept whatever God has for us, learning how to steward the amount He has given each of us. I used to think it was wrong for Christians to be wealthy, often hearing Mark 10:25 repeating in my head:
and we came home to snuggle up on the couch and watch 'cloudy with a chance of meatballs' under a quilt instead of nap time. What a perfect sunday afternoon. We'll definitely be back up there again and my only advice is book in advance because it books out quickly for sunday lunch!
‘The Mother’ drove me to the hospital at 3.30am in the morning as the pain was getting worse, and I won’t bore you with the details of child birth but you were born about 13 hours later. The first time we had skin to skin contact was probably the highlight of my life! I can’t describe that feeling for you, it’s just overwhelming and till today, I can still feel that first contact we had – it was by far the greatest feeling of my life! Your touch, your sense and even your smell – I knew you were going to be the love of my life.
JAY KINNEY is the co-author, with Richard Smoley, of Hidden Wisdom: A Guide to the Western Inner Traditions (Quest Books, Spring 2006) and editor of the anthology, The Inner West(Tarcher/Penguin, 2004). He was publisher and editor in chief ofGnosis magazine from 1985-1999 (www.gnosismagazine.com). His latest book is The Masonic Enigma. You can visit Jay at www.jaykinney.com.
It is my opinion (agreeing with Tabletalk writers) that “Jesus’ spirit never went to hell, but on the cross He suffered the full wrath of God that is poured out in hell.” And even with all of that physical pain, the most intense suffering he endured came when he lost the gaze of his Father in heaven, causing him to cry out, “My God, my God, why have you forsaken me?” I shudder even as I type this.
It’s your responsibility to charge your phone at night. While you sleep. Like 99.9999% of every one else.
Storysher - It's the beauty talk.
Have a good weekend all - I shall be avoiding the ice and staying in with the rugby and a basket of body parts to turn into mini-raggies!
The lesson I need in this,
I would highly recommend going to see this exhibition despite it being quite expensive – I caught the concession price of £8.50. The exhibition is being held up until 5th June.
With epilepsy I work hard to keep
Roll in the icing sugar and place on the tray, about an inch apart. This is what cracks when the cookies are baking and gives the crinkled effect.
Interns = Baylor undergraduates, 85% female, journalism and family & consumer science majors only, who work for $2.13/hr + tips. The interns clock in at the ALICO, but their work carries them around the world, assisting the BearMeat Editorial Board in our search for humor. Our internship program was recently approved as a federal work-study job, and since the average hours worked in a week is somewhere between 35 and 55, our interns can expect quite a form-letter of recommendation.
In the outdoor Cafés dotting every corner.
And here’s what I would like them to answer:
And the world always needs more LOVE!
Now we can begin. First pick the "cupcake" fabric. For this one I used actual cupcake fabric. I am also doing zebra print ones. I may show those in part 2.
LOVE that man!!
The fact of the matter is, I'm not going to drive like an idiot......anymore. Sure, I admit I used to, but I also used to go to bed at seven in the morning because I had been up all night partying at a club. Life is different now. I've got two extremely important pieces of cargo in the back seat who are worth more than any of Tutankhamen's priceless artifacts are worth. They're worth more than the Universe is infinite and if it takes me an extra five minutes to get down the road, then so be it.
Humans often remark upon my extraordinary vocabulary. “What’s your secret?” they ask. The answer is that I used to play Scrabble in my circus days. Initially with the clowns, who taught me only dirty words, but later with my mentor Dr Whipsnade, who exposed me to a broader lexicon. I do not play much in the jungles of the Congo, where word games are viewed as a sissy pastime, but in a few days time I shall be visiting London for the holiday season. It is there that I am scheduled to play a friendly game with the world champion.
Once there, Tris shoots Eric in the leg to prevent him from killing Tobias. She and Tobias are then discovered to be Divergent, because they are awake during the simulation. They are taken to Jeanine, who puts Tobias under a different kind of simulation (one that makes his friends look like enemies and his enemies look like friends, etc.), and sends Tris off to be executed.
I've also done a bit of scrapbooking here and there, yay! I kind of wish I could wave a magic wand and be caught up with my scrapbooks but until I invent that magic wand, I'll just have to slog through the slow way. That said, I don't want to do digital scrapbooking...I like the process with real paper and photos. And I think I already spend too much time on the computer, I like to get away from it.
Explore these wine tasting hot-spots on one of our personalized travel itineraries. Call our travel specialists for more information!
It’s a French film,who I think after earlier releases have to be best nation for horror,followed by the Asian film market.
If you are very, very sensitive to obscene language and explicit sex, don't read it. (And by the way, it's not for children). If you are nauseated by graphic violence, don't read it or skim it and go on.
First question for any readers out there: How the hell do you learn Quebecois French when you aren’t in high school?!
As I stated in the beginning, this is a simple unit, where we will finish with 3 pages reminding us about Anzac Day. This will give Fairy Princess a basic understanding of the Anzac's one we can build upon in the years to come.
The plan has already been set. I plan on adding SEVERAL people to the group, in case the weak ones die out.
Now, in all fairness to Zoya, this finger is always the problem child - a heavy door slammed on it when I was younger, and now it has a ridge on the side with the chip. That area is more flexible weaker, and my polish always chips there (usually after 1-2 days).
But, after 2 months of heavy paperwork, we were frustrated and, we're sad to say, our attitude was deteriorating. Things were going a lot slower and weren't working out as easily as I thought they would.
Leslie, please tell us about these dragons!
Shreyas Talpade does well in the first half and completely disappears in the second. Likewise with Riteish Deshmukh, who has incredible comic timing to compensate thankfully. John Abraham shows off his abs, unfortunately at the expense of his acting ability. Akshay Kumar carries the movie, and the movie is almost always better when he is on screen. Of the fathers, Mithun Chakraborty is brilliant, everyone else is just okay, Boman Irani has 3 scenes and was the major disappointment.
A skills assessment exercise that maps the country’s inventory skill set starting from post graduate holders all the way to primary school drop outs should be undertaken. The results of the country’s skills inventory should then be mapped against the country’s projected skill needs. Areas that indicate there is going to be excess inventory should cull back their training programs while those that point to a shortage should have their enrollment and funding increased. With such an approach, a reasoned way forward can be charted rather than having the various parties advancing their self serving agendas while shouting from roof tops to scare and confuse the public.
- Smoked Bourbon Pecans
And a natural sculpture that looks a lot
I guess its the charming animation and expertise of paperwork....
i'll see you around...
I can say that it fulfilled my expectations, the color is awesome and the blue shimmer is pretty visible on the nail.
-Exclude traditional interior solar vaults/atriums from FAR calculations (to a limit) where these encourage natural ventilation
A few weeks ago, I found myself standing outside a Bozeman bar at dusk, a file of topo maps tucked under one arm. I’m not the kind of person who hangs around bars (the file of maps should be a clue; I’ve discerned that these are not a usual drinking accessory) but I was waiting to meet Gregg Treinish, the founder and director of Adventurers and Scientists for Conservation (ASC), an NGO whose name alone intrigued me enough to venture out into the introvert-unfriendly universe of college-town drinking establishments. Gregg’s credential as a National Geographic Adventurer of the Year was intimidating, but when he showed up and spent the first fifteen minutes of our conversation talking about how inspiring he finds wolverines, I figured we were on equal footing in at least one respect. This was fortunate, since a mutual friend had contacted me in January to talk about putting together an exciting, wolverine-related adventure with Gregg and a few other people, and I wasn’t really prepared to spend time in the remote backcountry with someone who intimidated me with his athleticism. An athletic individual committed to wolverines, however – I could deal with that.
During his GOLDEN PERIOD.
The French onion soup was as good as advertised. The cheese was browned nicely and the croutons were plentiful with just the right amount of moistness. When Marty came back to fill up my water glass I noticed a little bit of string on his pants. I debated whether to point this out to him and decided to say something. Marty said that's another one of Bruce's efficiency ideas. The string is used to pull down his zipper and allows him to use the restroom without touching anything that would force him to have to wash his hands which takes time. Bruce doesn't like doing unnecessary things and soap costs money. I was dumbfounded, but impressed with the idea, but one thing I couldn't figure out, how do you get it back in, I asked.
I wish to remember this simple day.
It is also related how Solomon in his wisdom offered a sacrifice for the dedication and the completion of the temple.
And just as "The Boy" had wondered, we did have cupcakes after dinner.
“We recommend anyone intending to renovate their houses to first contact us and ask for our renovation guidelines, available at RM10.”
A catastrophic freeze has wiped out about 80 per cent of Ontario’s apple crop and has the province’s fruit industry looking at losses already estimated at more than $100 million.
Florian: I spent 72 hours in a blind to shoot the snowy owls that are my book. (A blind is a cover or shelter that hides the photographer and his equipment.) It’s definitely a patience game because the sun wasn’t out or they weren’t turning their heads the right direction and that was really, really hard. Another thing that took a lot of patience was filming the big caribou herds, because it took 3 different expeditions to film them. On the first two trips I only saw one caribou and then on the third trip I finally saw the big herd and that was really rewarding. To be honest though I don’t get bored, because there is always something to discover, suddenly I see a bird’s nest or I hear the song of a bird and that intrigues me. And also I often have to make up the images in my mind first, so I spend time doing that. That gives that you that drive and energy to get the shot. You become more in tune and I love discovering things. The more you sit out in silence the more you learn and the more you discover.
Featuring talented songwriters from around the globe, the Songsalive! Showcases are the best industry secret, a great happening all around the world. Songsalive! Showcases are a very cozy, intimate and acoustic environment where media and music industry representatives often drop by to check out the latest talent. Showcase your music and support our Songsalive! national and international live events and showcases presenting songwriters and artists of original music. Showcases are conducted globally.
Second, I just want to thank you ALL for participating! We have many new followers and friends on Facebook!! Let me welcome you all and say your presence here is deeply appreciated!
“If last year was a tsunami for the SNP, perhaps the tide is now going out on Salmond”.
Wearing white for Eastertide.
So what's my point?
The children switched between these uses of their resources when addressing people whom they associated with each language, or when looking at pictures of them – as well as when talking to toys which they got from Portuguese or Swedish speakers and which, therefore, also “spoke” each of these languages. The baby-dialogues that they fashioned in this way sounded Portuguese or Swedish, because the prosody was Portuguese or Swedish. When the first words appeared, the children accommodated them to the linguistic melodies that they had by then mastered, and went on using their old prosodic strategies as replacement for words which they hadn’t yet learnt in one of their languages, or which for some reason failed them at some time or other. Just like all of us use fillers like thingamabob or what’s-its-name, for the same reasons.
“Our ultimate plan has been to create a proper Gastro pub in Cornwall that would also provide the informal, relaxed hangout for families to spend the afternoon much like the pubs we’d known in London,” she explained.
Can you see my washi tape? I have just received my first ever lot of washi tape and I want to put it on everything!lol
Let me tell you about my week. I did okay on Wednesday and Thursday. Then came Friday, Saturday and Sunday and the Valadez family reunion. I am not a Valadez by blood, but you couldn't ask to be lucky enough to be welcomed into this family as an outsider. This is the family of one of my cery best friends. If you read my True Confession yesterday, you know what went on at this reunion. If not, go ahead and read it...I'll wait. So you see why I was surprised when I got on the scale today. I was sure I was going to have a big gain.
Followed by a weekend at the Metropole.
It's been a pretty stressful few weeks and I am just so nervous and so scared. I really wish I had a time machine and I could just fast forward to a time in the future when all is well and I have a healthy little full-term baby in my arms. Please keep your fingers crossed for me on Thursday and Friday!
DONE! I was done! I reached my breaking point!
We believe that truth is never contradictory. Jesus said, in the above passage, that God’s word is truth. “If truth is contradictory, the word truth loses all meaning.” We are called to love God with our minds, and we do this by studying his revelation both in nature and Scripture. In doing so, we seek to reslove apparent contradictions while, at the same time, trying to understand how it all fits together.
Spring is in the Air
To say that I'm stressed out about it would be an understatement. It's like jumping out of a plane, and hoping someone catches up to you and gets a parachute on you before you hit the ground.
Heat enough gingelly oil, let crack the mustard seeds, cumin seeds, add immediately the chopped onions,curry leaves, sauté until the onions turns transculent, chopped eggplants, cook for few minutes, now add the already cooked jackfruit seeds, peanut spice powder,salt and cook everything in simmer with lid closed until the veggies get well cooked, dont add water at all..
64Shone sweetly lambent with celestial day.
Bike riding = 10 bucks
WHOA!!! OVERDUE!!!! If I don't post this up now you're gonna miss the great offer they have for the month of September!!!!!
Satellite C600 offers a laptop with a black casing is pretty scratch resistant, 14-inch screen, features a High Definition Clear SuperView with 16:9 ratio, 720p resolution LED backlight, Toshiba Audio Enhancement Technology that is useful to improve sound quality without the need for digital saturation. Toshiba Bulletin Board to enjoy quick access to tasks, activities of daily living through the visual display. Toshiba ReelTime to quickly find documents.
Final thoughts: I have really enjoyed working with this yarn personally. The texture of the yarn is irresistible to me. I always look forward to knitting with it and would certainly buy it again!
I think the thing to do is just pick one and get good at that one!
Here Hibbert (1962, p. 47) is describing a lifelong attitude of Mussolini that continued right into his time as Italy's Prime Minister -- when he refused to take his official salary. Given the contempt for the rich so often expressed by Leftists almost everywhere, Mussolini was clearly a Leftist paragon in that regard.
We were in a hurry, catching up with close friends for dinner in Long Island. It was late evening and the light was fading quickly. But after we'd parked and were on our way to the restaurant (Smokin Al's, a rib joint) I noticed this mural on a wall.
So, how does it work? How do my e-mails go from mailbox to book?
I weeded the asparagus bed. He speared the pitchfork in the dirt so it would stand upright (surprisingly difficult when you're three feet tall).
Anyway, do me a favor and say a prayer, send up good vibes, do a rain dance - whatever it is you subscribe to - that his leg gets fixed and he's back on his feet and back in the garage being a pain in the ass ASAP. Leave him a nice comment and next week I'll print it off and take it to him so he knows he's got a bunch of support.
I'm not so sure how's the menu looks like because I didn't get the chance to peep into it.....and our dinner just started without it!! As I said the chef already knows what he's going to serve us!! From appetizer till the end of the dessert...it was so fullfilling!!
The problem is if this is what the designers were after, it's not spelled out enough. The Mass Effect saga hasn't employed the same narrative conventions as 2001. Kubric used film to tell a story in which humanity is the protagonist and the taciturn David Bowman is a stand-in for all mankind. You need to pay attention to 2001 because dialogue was not the primary vehicle for storytelling, image was. In Mass Effect, dialogue was equally (if not more) important than image in telling the story. There was little or no image or dialogue pertaining to human evolution at the end.
Host: Savannah Guthrie and Joe Scarborough
PS4 rumours
About Icon
The bench had in its order said monies generated and stashed away reveal the degree of “softness of the State”.
12. Love Song
I am happy here in the button I see him in peace.
“When we stood on stage for the first time. After practicing for 7 years, it was the stage we were waiting for the most. It was as good and as meaningful as that. Before going on stage, we always shout ‘EXO-K let’s love’ as a fighting. As soon as we got off stage, our legs were shaking because we were exhausted. Our parents too told us ‘We thought our hearts were going to explode.”(Baekhyun)
This post will focus specifically on India’s current rate of energy consumption and the actors focused on utilizing solar PV in India. The next post will focus more on the changes these actors recently made to the energy sector and how that will effect India in the long run.
When Nate is kidnapped and taken prisoner by the Sea Goddess, only Bertie can free him. She and her fairy sidekicks embark on a journey aboard the Thèâtre’s caravan, using Bertie’s word magic to guide them. Along the way, they collect a sneak-thief, who has in his possession something most valuable, and meet The Mysterious Stranger, Bertie’s father—and the creator of the scrimshaw medallion. Bertie’s dreams are haunted by Nate, whose love for Bertie is keeping him alive, but in the daytime, it’s Ariel who is tantalizingly close, and the one she is falling for. Who does Bertie love the most? And will her magic be powerful enough to save her once she enters the Sea Goddess’s lair?
Rendering someone totally and permanently incapacitated is just as bad as taking a life, or so they contend. Killing totally disabled patients does them no harm.
This race will come down to the last day of canvassing. The truth is, when people hear about Glen, they vote for him. Out of 90,000 potential voters, we only reach 2% on social media outlets. Glen’s opponents have money. They have sent mailers and are now engaged in radio ads.
“You can bomb the world pieces, but you can’t bomb the world to peace.” This memorable quote from Michael Franti is fitting for the now decade-long war in Afghanistan.
I was watching TV one night and I saw a commercial for this new show, House. I was never one to follow shows, and doctor shows usually didn’t interest me. But something about this show sparked an interest. If I were a more avid television viewer, I’d probably watch this show. But no, it was probably stupid like all the others, so I put that interest aside for a while.
From a strictly drinks perspective, the Tiki Lounge can't compete with some of the internationally known big boys of tikidom or even some of the bars in town like Prescription or Curio who occasionally feature a tiki option on menu and have the range of rums and necessary ingredients to pull them off with aplomb. But for nightcrawlers seeking the whole tiki experience – deco and all - this is currently the only place in town to get it. It may be just baby steps, but it is a valid start to the tiki trend in Paris.
And thank you~
No, we didn't go to the cinema that evening. And that party was just truly amazing. Great food, lots of drinks and wonderful company of friends (and an iPad)... I count myself very lucky that I have such amazing friends. I will miss them very much...
It is great to see that such a tight group of friends like this have all stuck together and still find time to all remember where they came from and jam. Trust me people, this scene is rare and should be appreciated much more.
Jacob's Ladder
Many years ago I worked for Charles Schwab Inc. while in Denver, Co. People (family, friends, etc.)were constantly telling me how privileged/fortunate I was since Schwab had such high values and cared about the common folk. The implication was that Schwab was the best house on the street since that was how Schwab was marketed. How would I know to think otherwise- I was recently out of college. My father had invested with Schwab since the dawn of the operation when they were in Sacramento http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Charles_Schwab_Corporation and they seemed to honestly care about making everyone an investor so they could obtain part of the American dream. In fact, at the time I worked there, Schwab was the darling of San Francisco and anyone with an inkling of liberalism.
Are you spontaneous or do you like to plan ahead?
You can view the entire 2009 Beer Bracket online, and if you don’t like the way our tasting tournament turned out, vote for your own top IPA: www.eveningedge.com.
This week the children have been reading The Bee by Sabrina Crewe. This is a nonfiction test on our reading series. (This is lesson 23 in Harcourt Storytown .)
"... offers a three-day workshop for shy bladders, held monthly in cities in the United States, Canada, and Great Britain. It costs $300 to attend. The first day is a group counseling session. During the second day, attendees gorge themselves on water and then, in pairs, practice voiding in their hotel bathrooms. In this exercise, one man stands at the toilet while a partner stands a comfortable distance behind him. As the first man begins to urinate, his partner inches closer, eventually standing directly behind the man, sometimes touching or razzing him as he urinates, to re-create the feel of a busy public restroom. The closing event of the workshop, which Soifer calls the "graduation ceremony," is held in a bathroom at a train station, airport, or, occasionally, a ballpark." - Bryan Curtis; Slate Magazine
If you hurry you can take advantage of the 40.5% off sale that ends tonight
Notably, when combined, nondenominational and independent churches are now the largest faith group, with over 12 million adherents, according to the report. Read more
It's a pretty low point for the genre at the moment, with the latest string of horror offerings getting lukewarm receptions at the box office (mostly with good cause) but yet it's still a more booming time than it was when GOREZONE was around. In the late '80s/early '90s, if you had maybe five genre films get a wide release in theaters in the entire year, you were lucky. But just in the past three months, Final Destination 5, Fright Night, Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, Apollo 18, Shark Night 3-D, Creature, Straw Dogs, Dream House, The Thing, and - coming this weekend - Paranormal Activity 3 have all hit screens across the country (with films like The Woman, The Human Centipede Part 2, and The Skin I Live In playing in limited release). And on TV, there's the return of Supernatural and The Walking Dead along with the premiere of new genre fare like American Horror Story and Grimm. There's so much horror product out there, I can't keep up with it all (granted, some of it I don't want to keep up with).
Employee then goes to the rest room or to the tea point and starts talking negative or shouting or crying or complain continuously with colleagues, based on the type of person he is.
Ross has worked a tonne of overtime over the past couple of weeks, but now he's got five days off for Easter! Yay! He wants to finish painting the dining room, but I think there'll be some time for relaxing as well. And after that, he has at least four nights' worth of proper sleep to look forward to while Henry and I are away.
So we arranged a swap....
Him: I am still open to the possibility of meeting Mrs. Right. I’m dating others in the meantime.
There is definitely more to say and many more layers of life to describe. But I also remember that everyone is busy. So I will end my narrative here with the following two thoughts.
All this political nonsense has my brain reeling too. I don't know whether to pay attention, get angry, organize, protest, and rage rage rage, or turn it all off and just try to live my life and vote how I should when I can. When I was in college, I was the former. I was angry all the time and the tiniest injustices would cause me to go into a tailspin. I felt like a madwoman sometimes, but I was single and had madwomen friends, so it felt like it was what I was supposed to do. When I met my husband, I slowly but surely settled down. Different things became important. I found myself feeling actually contented with my life, and I stopped paying attention to all the little irritants in the world and just lived my life.
01 Trans am (punched to the floor)
For those of you interested, I just updated my “work from home” page. I’ve added two more sites that I have found to help bring in extra money.
Large scale black and white nudes and ambiguous scenes share the wall next to pop culture pieces of detailed stylings as women strike a pose for Newton in his delivery of the female as a force of nature. The powerhouse collection, including some photos never previously exhibited, further affirm Newton’s clutch in fashion photography which continues to be revisited throughout gloss today. The German born Helmut Newton remains a fashion sensation artistically and culturally, as a pillar for magnetic glamour visuals from its birth in the mid 20th-Century through today. In every major publication from from Elle, Vogue, Playboy (the overwhelming list goes on), the work of Helmut Newton stand alone, and stands tall as a major force in the fashion industry from the onset of his career until his death in 2004. The collection is on display through June 17, at the Grand Palais in Paris.
Of course every day here looks like a sunny day you’d find front and center in a postcard and the film is super full of the values that are adored by the conservative demographic that makes up a nice portion of Mr. Sparks’ target audience, while still providing the sexy scenes with the sexy actors to draw in the other demos. But it kind of works as that romance in Louisiana story; it’s just hurt quite a lot by the fact that the secret that Logan’s keeping just looms over the whole movie even if it’s not mentioned, especially because it’s not that big a deal when you dissect it had he just told it when he arrived there. But it’s when the film tries to go all heavy-handed dramatic with Beth’s ex that it’s just too bad to bear.
In the end (spoiler alert, though you will see it coming from a mile away), the couple succeed in getting married. Choosing between a Christian, an “extreme Christian” (who appears to be Eastern Orthodox), a Buddhist, a Rabbi, and a justice of the peace, Tom chooses the lay officiant. Cue the happily-ever-after credits. Interfaith lesson #3: the desire for a sense of balance often leads interfaith couples to choose a secular officiant. If both members of the couple are secular people, this works fine.
I do not want to drive in the Indianapolis 500.
to gather us up...
4. I hope to open up an online shop, selling my original creations and refashioned clothing, and I just got a new sewing machine. ::insert mischievous look here:: I still need a dress form though. Anyone know where I can get a good one for a good price?
Last week when a major DIY discovery fell into my lap (summary: a life changing moment when I found out that oven cleaner can turn brass to chrome by removing the brass finish to reveal the metal underneath…click here for full post) I thought of a million projects to tackle…the first being my older than dirt doorknobs.
F: Demba Ba (Newcastle) – Coming into the season a lot of pundits tabbed Alan Pardew’s club to battle with relegation, and with only a handful of games left, thanks to a total collapse by Sp*rs, they’re sitting in position to make the Champions League (assuming Chelsea doesn’t screw them over by winning the whole damn thing this year). Ba was the steal of the off-season, and is the biggest reason Newcastle are the surprise story of the EPL in 2011/12.
Yes, it's a good way to get your visits up, but is it a good way to develop a relationship with others? It is, in moderation. If you have witty post-its on Tuesday or wonderful pictures on Wednesday, I guarantee I am going to go searching for more. If all I find is a forced series of memes, I will close the window.
So, the pt.2 of my last post is coming… but those are the kinds that involve a lot of thinking. Sometimes I’m just not feelin’ it! I’ve got all kinds of fun random crap bouncing around in my head, but a little voice keeps telling me “you should write pt.2 first!” Today, I decided F IT! So here comes a shit storm of randomness…
Disclosure: Some of the products mentioned in this review are sent by the PR for my consideration. All opinions are honest and my own. I am in no way compensated for this review. I have always been, and will always be committed ONLY to my readers.
It all takes place in Cybercity. The story starts with the blue car passing the red one brutally. The driver of the red car is not amused and this leads to a chase.
I do beseech your majesty may salve
But this was topped just last week, when a new billboard went up on my route to work. As I have to concentrate on driving, unfortunately I cannot take a photo. But I promise you that it exists.
The first teaching blog that I ever visited was One Extra Degree and I still stalk it today!
If there is a blog entry that you like the most, or one that you feel should be included, please let me know. I want you to be apart of this process!!!!!!! You are just as much part of this blog as I am.
With Borders closing last year and many Barnes and Noble stores shuttering their doors, it seems the big box bookstores are hurtling down the same trail blazed by the brontosaurus, the home phone, and the blue chip NCAA basketball player who graduated from school (i.e. extinction). Maybe instead of trying to cater their book emporiums to the mass audiences, they should have kept in geared towards the endearing and lovable nerds who gladly read on a Saturday night. Say what you will about these noble creatures, they are undeniably loyal to their core beliefs, be it reading, Star Wars, or Tecmo Super Bowl. They won’t desert their passions for the latest trend or blog obsession. They are foundation upon which the economic salvation of the future rests.
Dan Ryan and I met in broadcasting school of all places. We were energetic students who had a huge desire for radio, and a disdain for television production and it showed. When I first met Dan the first thing I noticed was for his ability to cut through a room with only his voice. I mean you could hear it down the hall. He and I collaborated quite a bit through the radio program at school, and after school he moved away. Not too long ago through FaceBook, we reconnected and ever since, he has been a part of the show. His Hollywood Spin this next season is going to blow away anyone else's ability to report on the entertainment industry.
haha. it’s worth it for the boys.
As per the ET report, the importers argued that the products were genuine Dell products and that they had a right to import such goods under the provisions of Section 30 of the Trade Marks Act, 1999. Readers may remember the highly controversial Samsung judgment of the Delhi High Court which interpreted Section 30(3) of the Trade Marks Act to specifically prohibit the parallel imports on the grounds that the same amounted to trademark infringement in India. Arun Mohan had covered this case in a guest post over here.
This is the nonsense about being in the European Union; that we have to 'pick our battles'.
10. There's a love plot involving a half-reptile/half-man and Heather Menzies.
If this is the case, and we condition ourselves to dislike certain things, we could be restricting ourselves from doing things we may actually enjoy. So, it would follow that if we can teach ourselves to not like something then, we can also teach ourselves to like it.
And so Cupid was able to reach to Jupiter and plead his case that he and Psyche should be allowed to marry. Jupiter being the less sex crazed/deviant/rapist than his Greek counterpart ordered a formal (Well for the Greek gods that is) council of the other Olympians to decide Psyche and Cupid's fate.
Serving vessels for drink
1 yellow onion
Through the help of our agency we connected. We have been blessed to not only be able to keep these two little girls in touch but to become friends with her parents and her brother.
Jared is enjoying classes and has recently taken a part time job at the Boston Public Library working in their archives.
Austin Aries, the new X-Division champion is on TV, he says this isn’t called the X-Division Title now, it’s the A-Double Division, and next week, call your friends because he is defending the title for the first time.
A fire above the blazing garden battle. Honeylove for a pout,
I'll explain what I mean. To find instructions for putting together cake ball pops, click here. Follow all of the steps up to the point you shape the cake into balls. At that point, use a heart shaped cookie cutter and stuff the cake inside of it, filling it completely and smoothing out the top and bottom. To remove the cake from the cutter, gently push the shape out onto a cookie sheet:
etc.
Didn’t I handle that soooooo well? Parent of the Year! I thought Evelyn had learned her lesson very effectively.
Terry Reid- Superlungs My Supergirl
Chloe is to much of a sister and at times she is just a bit to confusing. Plus her role protecting Clark would be complicated if the were involved.
Every year, I get to write a check and watch money from the Common School Fund be distributed to all K-12 schools on the State of Wisconsin! This year, I will get to distribute $33.6 million to the school libraries statewide. For many of these school libraries, these are the only funds they will get to buy new books for the children.
Heartfelt Beauty
Or is there? As it happens, neither live music clubs nor independent record stores have disappeared from the planet, though they do all have websites now. Nearly fifty years ago, an inveterate weirdo named Frank Zappa suggested that the “mainstream comes to you, but you have to go to the underground.” So I have returned to Austin to test this perfectly reasonable definition of ‘underground’ (I also want a decent plate of nachos.) I have found a flea market for locally-made electronic instruments like the Autonomous Bassline Generator, and a fourteen piece, orchestral pop group called Mother Falcon, playing at a club called Mohawk.
c. Use experimentation in spite of the fact it'ss a messy and untidy process. Experiments usually don't lead to fruitful results.
Kenny revamped his back four bringing in Agger and Johnson and leaving out Enrique. He also went for Carragher’s experience and moved Agger to left back. As expected Maxi, despite his two goals on Tuesday, missed as the usual suspects returned. I was pleased for Spearing as a Liverpool man (well he’s from the Wirral) starting in this game but was slightly surprised that, despite his indifferent form recently, Enrique wasn’t given a run, playing Agger at left back seemed to be an unnecessary gamble?
Here are the ATCs I received. I adore them all. Each one so unique and beautiful. The Celebrate Spring theme was definitely followed by these creative talented people. Thank you to Sylvia, Lynn, Liz, Troy, Karen and Danielle. I simply feel spoiled with these additions to my ATC collection.
the chisel has fallen hard upon my knuckles
It’s about users. We needed to think about how our users might interact with location-based content as well as the things they access the most on our website. As such, the mobile map was a given. The interactive directory that allows users to email or call a professor or staff member with a single click provides real convenience that takes use-care scenarios into consideration. News, an events calendar and emergency information provide timely and relevant information at (literally) the touch of a button.
Like em'?????? Well, you can make them too...
Graduated with my masters from ASU
my words
But when we tried to continue shopping, our luck ran out. We tried a cute little art gallery where Rob's cousin had recently shown his work. Closed. We tried an Irish store we'd never been to before. Closed. We tried another shop that carries quirky, vintage items. Closed.
The provisions of this act are intended to create a system for distribution that shall include the fixing of prices for liquor and alcohol and controls placed on prices for malt and brewed beverages, and each of which shall be construed as integral to the preservation of the system, without which system the Commonwealth's control of the sale of liquor and alcohol and malt and brewed beverages and the Commonwealth's promotion of its policy of temperance and responsible conduct with respect to alcoholic beverages would not be possible.
Note: I am not saying "Build it and they will come." I'm not saying marketing isn't important. But look at the big picture. Don't get caught up in the hype of this new thing called ePublishing. If writing is your passion, then make it your career. You're not going to be able to quit your day job overnight. But have a plan. Literally make a business plan. Google it. Figure out where you want your writing career to be in a year, three years, five years, ten years from now. If you want to have the success of a pro, then act like a pro and be a pro. Set your goals, then make a map of how you want to get there one step at a time.
Simply liquidize all the ingredients together for a minute or so, using sufficient liquid to achieve your preferred consistency, and it's ready to drink. You can leave all the separate ingredients in the fridge overnight and just add the freshly picked nettles in the morning if you want a really cool smoothie! If you like this, try substituting the nettles for watercress (if you are certain it is liver fluke free) or seaweed - dulse, sea lettuce and laver work particularly well.
1) Foreign editors rarely get to meet the authors for whom they are translating. It may or may not translate into more sales but I know from experience that a foreign publisher who has met an author in person is more likely to do a promotional push for that title in translation.
sidebar:
“The national director of GetUp, Simon Sheikh, said Mr Hartcher should apologise, as it was “not currently campaigning” on live exports.
and Hercules Morse
It all depends upon you heeding God’s direction in your life and how well you guard yourself from demonic attacks. According to Ephesians chapter 6 we are to put on the whole armour of God so we can stand against the wiles of the devil. God, through Paul, has given us ample warning as well as complete spiritual instruction. Seek His will in your life and get to work!
I just love this concept and think Target is brilliant for coming up with it. I hope they will continue to feature new shops. Go check it out!
Here’s a fun little quiz to test your lay/lie understanding: Select one answer from the choices provided after each sentence.
1/3 tsp salt
Gell tries to argue that Mr. Rogers “encouraged a deeply personal relationship to television that did more harm than good.”
Other rules around floors
I contacted My Memories Support and they taught me this GREAT trick!
I have received some feedback regarding the watermark I have now added to my photos. I thank you for your views and I have certainly taken them on board. I have now decided on a less intrusive watermark....but sadly the watermark will stay! Let me say that it makes me very sad to have had to add this to my photos, but it makes me even sadder to see my photos on Etsy for sale!!
knows his name (at least everybody who's likely to be
Sample Screenshot-
Corruption eats away at money. Teachers are poorly trained and challenged by a constantly shifting curriculum. Schools are often shut by teachers' strikes.
One of our fun activities during the week was to color Easter Eggs ... we used our crayon technique on warm boiled eggs. This year we decided to draw pictures on the eggs and then dye them - they turned out really well.
Appearance: Golden in color.
So I have started the process of:
According to The Herald newspaper a senior ANC spokesperson "almost immediately" distanced the party from the inflammatory call, and appealed for political maturity and restraint from party leaders.
Then we have the less-than-common ways of altering or damaging books. My copy of 'Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince' has teeth marks in it because I thought it would be fun to read the Snape parts to my cat, Severus. He seemed to appreciate it, perhaps a little too much because in the midst of smooching the book, he decided he would also like to sink his teeth into it. He was less than kind with another book. My mum was taught a harsh lesson when she left her copy of 'The Devil's Feather' by Minette Walters on the floor. Severus urinated on it out of spite.
Lost in my hypocrisy. Dead in my transgressions and sins. Headed for a tragic eternity. And I had no idea–I was blind to that inevitable end.
So I just kept pouring water over my head and slowly pedalling on. Soon I needed to refill the bottles and luckily I saw this large nursery kind of place with women with their heads covered by hats and cloths over their napes watering saplings in pots. As I stopped and walked the cycle to the gate they looked extremely wary and this young guy shouted back a no almost before I could finish my neer sikta? Can I get some water? But then they registered what I was saying and said yes. I passed by this little shed that had a few bottles kept under coconut fronds, but I obviously didn’t want to eat into their cache. The young guy unscrewed the shower head off his hose and I filled out my bottles. Kudiyuve neeru? Drinking water? I asked half-heartedly and believed him when he said yes. Then I quickly left as they looked skeptical still. By now I’d had a lot of water and my stomach felt full, but I needed to eat something so I asked someone where I could get something to eat and found a little chai place again. This was tiny, a little hole in the wall. The fellow seemed sly from the outset. Told me he could make food, dosas, when all he had were omlettes. And not even bread, just omlettes. One double omlettes for 8 he said and then charged me 18 for two of them. Some people are kind in whatever capacity they can be, and some are just cunning, as mean as they can possibly be.
Gunnlaug said, “Bewray me not if I bring thee water in my helm.”
Gender: The gender poll is pretty neck and neck ..I had a dream the other night that I had a girl! crazy right?!! Considering the whole time I felt I was having a boy! Now, I'm super curious! We find out in 4 weeks and 2 days!!!!
Once in the shower I covered my crotch with shaving cream and began to clean up as best I could. Ten to one, the hottie next door was bare as a baby’s ass. The razor was not as sharp as I’d hopped and snagged here and there. Instead of a complete shave I did my balls and some of my shaft. At least baby girl would not be getting a stray hair caught in her throat tonight.
For an additional chance(s) to win:
Yet not everyone has a rosy view of the dollar’s rise. Whether it is a boon or a bane depends on which side of the coin you stand.
Lead vocal recording is probably the most subjective and most variable area when it comes to microphone choice and placement. Vocal mics garner the most fame and notoriety because they play a huge part of the in the creation and realization of the ultimate vocal performance.
So remember to back up your computers, it's one of those things we know we should do but never get round to!
When student loan interest rates were temporarily reduced from 6.8%to 3.4% a few years ago, it was to relieve those who had subsidized Stafford loans during tough economic times. The problem with giving temporary relief to group of individuals who are relatively new to creating personal budgets (recent college graduates) is that they rarely ever prepare for when the temporary relief ends. However, the idea of offering temporary relief in this case was that the economy was bad, so we’d make it easier on those with students loans to handle their debt Then when the economy rebounds and things look better for them, we can return interest rates to pre-relief levels.
Noted American conservative thinker Russell Kirk starts out from a premise very similar to White's but draws quite different conclusions. He finds LOTS of policy-preferences that a conservative outlook leads to. He says here:
~ Originally, I purchased the silly saucer for our parrotlet but he could care less about it. Different story with our senegal. Sadie’s very is interested in the design and moving balls.
Because nothing makes me feel older than going to the clinic for my yearly gynocology exam and being surrounded by young pregnant women and then when it's my turn to see the nurse and doctor our conversation turns to things such as menopause, hot flashes, incontinence, medication, and hypertension.
Internal promotion, when done properly with forethought and planning, can certainly provide an effective and efficient method of filling openings. The final decision on hiring depends on the circumstances, the people, and a little bit of serendipity.
The next step in my journey to learn about dirt was at an organic soil prep workshop. One of the first things that the Master Gardener made us understand is that grass is persistent. Unless you completely pull up ALL of the roots, you will not get rid of it and it will grow back. This is why when you compost grass, it should only be grass clippings and not roots: you don't want your compost bin or where you incorporate your compost to start sprouting grass. The areas that are going to be dug up in our yard won't be terribly deep, so we figured that unless we spend A LOT of time sifting that dirt it won't be terribly useful thanks to that persistent grass.
and the eyes of my people blacker than embers,
sloppy and lazy - there's a theory that people who use non-standard English in their speech are somehow not working hard enough. It's applying the theory of protestant industriousness and propriety to speech. So, first the new middle classes invented a proper and correct way of speaking English and married it to their belief that working hard booked you a ticket to heaven. So combine the two so that when someone says, 'I ain't got none', that proves that they're lazy and not going to heaven. Sorted.
#49: I think this is the only Jeff Bridges card in the pack. Hard to tell. This is from the scene where he plays some kind of cyber-Jai alai against an insurance program.
This was a great campaign for engaging their customers and avid A.R fans. Timing it at the beginning of Spring will surely help to re-market customer coming into the hotter months. And no doubt, many of the participants chilled out with a Magnum afterwards.
“How are you handling these?” We’re not. You are.
The Earth Day theme behind this week's Friday Shoot Out is Honouring The Trees.
DAY 24: SOMETHING YOU'RE GRATEFUL FOR... This was tough. Went through many options in my mind - Nurofen, Silence Anti-Snoring Spray, Frangelico.... eventually settled on the fact that I've raised two young adults who get along well. Couldn't be prouder or more grateful.
Given this, it's a safe bet that elderly reloading equipment will be special to the 'ol fat man. Pictured above, an example.
So what did I want? What ideas did I spy? Why, I would love to share!
Later that night he took me down the street to The Bunratty. That pub opened my callow brain to the wonders of traditional Irish music. Back in Wexford jigs and reels were nailed to the floor and drained of their vigor by very nice and proper musicians; in the wild North West of the Bronx traditional music was unhinged and unfettered, mad as the mist and snow.
The Trades District sounds more chic than it is: a collection of shabby buildings and sand roads, which are mostly deserted. The coach pulls up near #352. The brothers get out to scout ahead, leaving the Paladin and Cleric behind: sneaking is not one of their virtues. After a short while, the halflings find themselves staring up at a warehouse two stories high with a slightly pointed roof. Narrow corridors flank the house. There are windows on either side at the first floor.
Next weekend I am throwing a bridal shower for my cousin Keltsey. I am so excited for this! Well, I am excited for every party I throw, but I think I have some really cool ideas for this one and I'm hoping to step it up a notch. I usually throw the showers for my dads side of the family so they are subjected to all my schemes and ideas. Hopefully they like them? Well no one has taken my title as official shower-thrower for the family so I guess that's a good sign. :)
A related issue arises for exceptions that allow ‘research or study’. In some countries, such as the UK, the exception is limited to ‘private’ research or study, and use of copyright content for research in corporate entities is licensed, recompensing the creators and publishers of the content. In Australia, on the other hand, there is no such qualification and some corporations seek to rely on the exception to avoid licensing arrangements.
I still have two in my posession, I can't tell you off the top of my head which ones, though I think one of them is Harry's.
The discouragement and hopelessness that I experienced during Nora’s recent hospitalization is still fresh in my mind, but not as active emotions. In my sleep deprived, intensely fragile condition I found myself engaged in a full fledged meltdown. My flood of tears camouflaged with the hot water from the shower nozzle while I silently screamed at God. In my state of misery my eyes were drawn to an emergency pull cord.
Boxes are the stuff of imagination and curiosity.
Once again, I used my 2.5" edging brush to paint the stain on straight from the can, and then wipe it off with a clean cotton tshirt a few seconds later (sorry no pics of this part!) The can says to let it sit for 5 minutes but this dry table was drinking up the stain so fast I knew if I let it sit, it would stain darker than I wanted! paint on, wipe off, paint on, wipe off..... you get it.
*Work on memorizing scripture.
We had breakfast (buffet) in a cafe.
As in that fleeting, shadowy, misty strife
That pretty well captures my reaction to my first attempt at racing a 5k on Friday night. The only other time I did a 5K was a run/walk with my son last year, where I finished in 217th place out of 218 participants. I though at least I could build on that finish.
And omg, was it so much fun!
I often tell myself I read for entertainment and escapism, to alleviate boredom, supply companionship and enjoy language. All those things are true. But I think the main reason I read (and always did) is to discover the magic formula for living. I still haven't found it, I know that much. It's what some people call an instruction manual, a kind of Hitchhiker's Guide to Life, but it's far more than that. Or it would be, should it exist. It would assure me of my place in things. Not too big a place - crushed by responsibility - but not too small, either. The bed and the bowl of porridge that are 'just right'.
I do have a French press with which to make my coffee.
Happy Birthday Ellen!
Totally MY kind of town.
Anyhow, this "vest" is actually the shell of a sweater set and I was just standing in the closet this morning and thought it may work as a vest with my lightweight tie neck top. To my surprise and happiness, it did!! These pants are just so comfy--they're a little large but I never got them tailored but they just kinda drape perfectly. A great Hilton Head find a couple years ago--I cant wait to find more good buys this year! My other objective this morning when getting dressed was something I could throw jeans on with and look cute for an alumni event after work. A simple vest, shirt and heels fit the bill!
…In this moment. Things seems okay. My heart feels afresh. Chilling on my couch. Cool breeze coming through the windows. Listening to the sweet tunes of Dave Matthews Band in the background…
Go ahead, roll your eyes, I can relate. This blog was born of a cynicism harder than Dick Cheney’s aorta and a higher degree in eye rolling. So if it’s jaded skeptic credentials you’re wanting, look no further.
Now the French claim to be a nation of great lovers, but is this really true? There are baboons who claim their rumps are smoother than a billiard ball. I suspect the Gallic reputation for amorous indulgence is a myth created by overblown characters such as Maurice Chevalier and Pepé Le Pew. Even they did nothing particularly special, unless you believe that kissing a woman’s arm from wrist to shoulder while talking like Inspector Clouseau is guaranteed to turn her innards to putty.
Right now I am currently reading about Sarah (Abraham's wife- Gen 17). For most people they know Sarah as the woman who didn't have a child until she was 90 years old. Many women who have fertility issues can relate to her and take hope from her experience.
Closet Designs
Inspiration: The perfect beer for the fall, we brewed this for our last Thanksgiving and it paired very well with both pumpkin pie and backyard football.
The first photo is to give you an idea of how large this herd was (I suspect it was many herds, but I'm not elk expert). This is maybe 1/4 of the elk out there, if that much.
On today's hop, the Quixotic Paperie Design Team and I have been joined by some fantastic crafty friends. A big thank you to each and every one of you for your support and for joining in today!
Swartkops businessman ‘pulled from car, assaulted by police’ 18 June 2003
you are right on track. If you just happened upon the hop and want to start from the beginning, or if there is a glitch somewhere along the way, you can go to the bottom of this post for the master hop list.
The reason for this is because the Squares have come in at all different sizes, it has been quite difficult to do really. There has been a lot of filling in to get the Squares the same size, this is the reason why it has taken me longer than usual. I have done the very best I can, I hope you like it.
I checked his card. He was not a cylon.
To what degree do tourism authorities assist media connecting with indigenous peoples and indigenous peoples connect with media? (This is a topic we’ll review in detail during Indigenous Peoples Week)
My sister in law Nadine is getting married in London this summer and she’s asked me to make the wedding cake. For 180 people. I’m not a baker by profession. But I do love to cook, and I like a challenge.
I had a couple weeks of comments to go through so this Sunday sound out is kinda long. I suggest you take a break halfway through reading it. Get up, stretch your legs, grab a couple peanut butter cups form your kids' Halloween basket, and come back to finish. I'll wait.
Only the icing on the cake is done with the red leaves ink.
All in all, a sad end to Volume one of Jonah Hex. Jonah acts out of character turning down the money, one minute he appears to be happy about having Cindy around and the next he ignores her. I always wished that this book could have made it to issue 100, but on a bimonthly schedule, 8 more issues would be over another year of very poor sales.
I would give myself to you
charlotte moss recently introduced a new line of trim and fabrics available
Well, life and morality and governance, adequate citizenship, are not about "the chase." Just as having a spiritual life is not about making up your mind once and for all. True spirituality is present, it's alive and observant.
Twixt wake and sleep, eyelids flutter
Lussuria, Silk & Honey
As guests arrived, they were encouraged to grab a bowl and concoct their personal blend of dumpling filling. After a slow start, the cabbage started spilling, there was black vinegar everywhere, and a potsticker pan and new 8" steamer were in full rotation. There were vegetable dumplings, there were pork and shrimp dumplings. There was shrimp and cilantro. There were a few little salads of straight filling ingredients (I provided no appetizers). Due to the time-consuming nature of handmade wrappers, I had provided a pile of store-bought ones as well, but my homemade ones were better in every way, easier to fill, tastier, and prettier. I wound up making another batch of dough halfway through because I wasn't enjoying filling and cooking the store-bought wrappers. I think they're better for ravioli, actually.
For anyone who’s attending a Renaissance or Medieval faire, the fun can be increased by having your own costume. Wearing street clothes to a faire is completely acceptable, but it often makes people feel as though they’re only tourists, watching what’s going on but never participating. A costume, or “garb” of your own can make you really feel like you fit in.
‘Most people just affirm it’s not possible. You at least allow room for the possibility.’
And finally it's time to announce the guest designer as chosen by Amanda who we would love to have join us for Challenge #5, remember we will be choosing a GD with every new challenge so if you weren't successful this time there will be plenty more opportunities. So we would love to invite as our GD for Challenge #5....
So he had the choice to live like a normal person or to curl up and die at home.
I probably should have taken a page out of his book. Leaning backward like that increases his moment of inertia, and should actually reduce the rotational velocity a little. Clinging to the center post, if anything, probably made my ride faster.
and all the while knowing that it should be a crime
Ever since the first time I saw a photo of one, I have been fascinated with them.
First, a cautionary tale: At the age of twenty, I flew from Sydney, Australia to Saigon, Vietnam with a layover in Singapore. Caught up in the excitement, I failed to research the travel visa requirements for Americans. Turns out I had to learn this lesson the hard way…
Thirty minutes passed….forty five minutes passed…I got in the car and drove over there. The girl on the check-out, who knows Paul well, told me that he’d been in but had left again straight away but that she thought it was strange because he’d headed in the opposite direction to our house. She also remembered that Poppy had been with him.
Interestingly enough, the half day (Friday) was the most packed of them all, in terms of "events."
Those who’ve read a few Regencies will be familiar with the ton’s visits to Almack’s, White’s, Tattersalls, Vauxhall Gardens with their fireworks, the Drury Lane Theatre and, of course, shopping on Bond Street calls to mind modern day excursions to Rodeo Drive in L.A. or 5th Avenue in N.Y.C. Although, I like it much better when the landmarks serve the plot as more than just cardboard cut-outs propped up in the background scenery. What was so special about these places that the cream of society, the haute ton, couldn’t find elsewhere? What does it say about the characters that frequent these landmarks?
I advocate for downsizing, and I'm not talking about pant size. (Although... wait, that's another post.)
Lad tells us the situation. I’m working in a country that has been torn by war. The place that I’m currently in had lost a lot of troops in the war, so my reason for being there is to see if the local authorities need help garrisoning the castle or bolstering their forces.
"They're just not you."
“I know you and your mother are going to the beach soon,” she says, “but what about if I pay to send you on a special vacation, just for you?”
Her lips curved into a sexy, flirtatious smile. “Or you could stay.”
To the family of Trayvon Martin, I would like to say: Stand tall and continue to seek justice for Trayvon. My prayers go with you and I for one will not forget.
As I walked back in the rain, not a single person was there at the track. I guess everybody turned back when it started raining. Despite the weather, I had a good time. Solitude with nature can really ease a heavy heart and brings peace to the soul. Along the way, I saw birds chirping, two big eagles soaring high and I felt as one with nature.
Button Down- Vintage Thrifted Savers
Why should she give her bounty to the dead?
and debt (read: death). You have made it illegal for the People to get
that there is sweetness
As a brief digression, I should explain that in Scots law a “Commission” is a procedure used to recover evidence and documents. People who have had possession of the sought after documents are called to give evidence at the “Commission” to allow the Commissioner to see about tracking down such information, or working out where it has gone. Mr Bird had given evidence to the commission dealing with this case, where he had stated that the NotW had not employed any private investigators in relation to this case. Mr Sheridan made reference to that response, calling it a “lie” in light of Mr Bird’s subsequent evidence. Mr Bird replied that the NotW had employed a private investigator to try and find Duncan Rowan, but as the investigator had not found him he had forgotten about it. Mr Bird admitted he had “got that wrong” and when he had checked he had found that “one instance.”
Those pj's cracked us up. After 7 years of pink and princesses, its time for a little super hero gear :).
What better way to get to know each other than by spending time together? Sunday at the Cantey’s is soon to happen – this Sunday actually immediately after service (about noon or come a little earlier to help set up). As they are covering the meats, we just need to bring the sides.
-3 cups water or stock (I used some vegetable stock I had in the freezer)
What happened in this case was totally different since the ex-parte petition for the issuance of a writ of possession was filed by the petitioners against private respondent. On the other hand, the complaint with preliminary injunction was filed by the private respondent against herein petitioners. It is not a case, therefore, of the private respondent instituting two (2) remedies in two (2) different fora. Her case entailed only one (1) forum, to be precise, with the RTC, Branch 57.
The gorgeous paper is Prima 'Nature Garden' this is such a pretty pad. I have distressed all the edges with walnut distress ink & matted onto thick kraft card.
There are definitely times in worship to be happy, joyous, and comfortable. However, there are also times when God must remove us from those comfortable areas and place us under the spotlight of His holiness. This is where we begin to search our hearts closely.
Just to get the tears rolling, I'm entering Can We Still Be Friends (don't worry, I'm not eligible to win).
(512) Double IPA - cask-conditioned firkin - 9% ABV
equal to the
A chaise was a pleasure or travelling carriage that was usually open and low with four wheels and drawn by one or two ponies. A Post Chaise was a chaise used with rented horses and was always painted yellow and often referred to as “a yellow bounder”. Post chaises were controlled by a postillion riding one of the horses.
I walked into the salon in the morning hoping, but not hopeful, to make an appointment for that afternoon or the following morning. After a sputtering of my Portu-Spanish (in Brazil, they call it Portunol – Portuguese and Espanol), and waving of my arms, the woman at the reception finally remembered me. She agreed to schedule me see the same person I had last time and was able to make it for that afternoon. The ease of the availability should have been my first clue.
We all went inside and settled into bed for the night. I closed my eyes and said my prayers, pulling my blanket up to my chin. Thank you God. We needed that break. I closed my eyes and went to sleep.
I’ve confessed my paper addiction before. It’s not getting any better. I wasn’t even looking for paper when I walked past the paper stack section at Michaels and Recollections “Fashionably Chic” jumped off the shelf at me. Practically attacked me. It did!
I’m at that point again–I have absolutely no idea what is happening in my life right now. This whole week for me has just kind of been…off. I’ve had legit migraines every day from the pollen in the air, I’ve had very little sleep (and yet, I am sitting in the Housing Office writing this at 2:30 in the morning, why?), I have no clue what’s going on in my classes, and it’s that certain time of month, so everything that comes with that is here, too. It’s just been a weird week for me; I’m feeling a bit faint-hearted.
There is only one rose bloom in my garden that still possesses color. Well, I fudged a little on that statement. It’s not in the garden. It’s on my screened porch, having been protected under a tarp with a lamp for heat. It’s a ‘Red Drift’ rose.
I tell you all this today because Peach is marking 20 months in treatment tomorrow. With, hopefully, about eight more to go. This kid of mine: Amazing. She just keeps plugging along - stiff joints, steroid weepies, and all - smiling every step of the way. Since we last spoke, she brought the house down at GGMS's graduation ceremony (don't get me started), she raised over $3000 for childhood cancer research, and she designed a freaking Hermione Granger video game. She made it through two weeks at sleep-away camp, and last week, she stared down Middle School - and won. Whatever the challenge, she takes it on and does incredible things. And sweet, sweet Olive is her biggest supporter. Truly, I'm about to burst over the both of them.
my cigarettes are burning my eyes.
Our guide in Petra, who came to us as he was the only non-smoking guide there – who knew every bit about the Nebateans, the tombs, the archways, Al-Khazneh – and we later learned – Mahmoud knew everyone and everyone knew Mahmoud – the prodigal son of the local tribe!!!
Deeba Parmar
How much is enough?
Over the last few years, I've given quite a bit to many organizations and causes. I've been asked to give my services or time to help execute events, which is conceptually the same as a sponsorship from the perspective of a small business. I'm sponsoring in giving my time and services. For some large events, I've spent as much as 60 hours for individual causes without pay, and I've worked with some brands testing many iterations of recipes out of my pocket. Sometimes I get recognized as a sponsor, but most of the time, I don't get anything at all.
You can't really tell in the photo, but there are ruins in the top center of the photo, above the terraces. The terraces and ruins seemed to always be built on the side of steep mountains (or at the top of them, like Machu Picchu). The Incans were really ambitious or just crazy. Or possibly paranoid. Whatever the reason, I was impressed.
# A movement without leadership is controlled by an elite. There is no reason to invoke a Bourne Provocateur to explain it. A supposedly egalitarian social structure will always create informal leaders and these will have more power if the number of participants increases. I can’t explain the process as a law like a social psychologist can but I am sure it is true. Instead of clinging to willful
Hello again my friends. It's been a long time. Good to talk to you again.
What a strange journey to preservation the Austin, Nichols & Company warehouse in Williamsburg has taken. As per today's NYT City section:
tonight i tried to leave some comments on a coupla fellow blogonaut's sites, and much to my chagrin, i noticed a new (for me) anti-robot text that blogger is making us type before we can post a comment. is anyone else experiencing frustration with this ? I CANT READ THE SHITE !!!!
Right now I seem to need a little control, to feel like I own my knitting rather than it owning me, and the easiest way I know to regain control is to finish wips.
I feel like I’m in grey. I’m so confused about everything. It blends together then melts away. I feel more and more like myself every day, yet different. I feel more like the person I’ve always wanted to be, but somehow it seems twisted, just off. This isn’t quite what I imagined. It’s darker than I thought. I figured this would be a place of light; the lack of shadows and confusion, but there are even more now. Every corner I turn is another shade of grey, with black blurring out the edges. I seek it out. I wanted darkness, somehow. But I still never thought it would be this way. It’s certainly not what everyone else has, but maybe it works for me. Maybe it really is what I’ve been wanting.
Long story short, I did some remodeling recently. City code required that I use an AFCI for one of the bedroom circuits that was being remodeled. Some weeks after I completed the remodel, the AFCI started tripping. This meant I had to inspect each junction box and outlet to determine where an arc might be occurring.
Introductions began to make their way around the table and one by one, hellos and names were exchanged. When it came time for us to share, my eyes gazed into the biggest brown eyes I had ever seen. I melted into their warmth and kindness. He had an easy, almost shy quality to his hello. “Hi, I’m Vic” he said with a smile, extending his beautiful hand. My mouth was bone dry, yet I was able to mumble a “Hi!”
These are my ideas for color schemes right now:
As is the case with all of Lompoc's release parties, there will be complimentary appetizers to nosh while imbibing. Lompoc will release seven more holiday beers at a release party on November 29, and its Hanukkah beer, 8 Malty Nights, on December 14. For more information, visit www.newoldlompoc.com.
Boston native John Harthorne was heavily involved with startups during his undergrad years at MIT, and he’d been itching to get back to the startup world ever since, but debt, family and a new baby deterred him from doing so. He spoke of his passion for startups with a Bain and Company co-worker, Akhil Nigam — they knew Bain was a great place to work, but neither wanted to do consulting forever. Then, the world came crashing down with the recession of 2008, and experts were forecasting ten years of stagnation and an economy reminiscent of the Great Depression.
Scott Mitchell
But I have to believe as our professor, Kate Milberry, assured us today, there will be a plateau in that learning curve. We will find ourselves more capable of focusing on what we’re putting out there to build our personal and professional online personas, moving from Shirky’s worry of too much focus on the technical to an emphasis on engaging our connections through these mediums.
Tuesday started out okay. Until lunchtime when I started to feel pretty dodgy. By that night I knew I wasn't well when I hit my bed at 9pm without even touching my sewing machine. Then Wednesday things went downhill fast. I could barely talk, I couldn't swallow anything (even saliva) without feeling like I was swallowing razor blades, and I definitely couldn't eat. My throat and neck swelled up massively and I slept all day (thanks to my wonderful parents who looked after my boys for the day). Thursday was the same, but I still thought I'd give my body a chance to fight whatever it was.
G/F, Robinson's Place Iloilo,
Breivik is not an implacable foe of multiculturalism; he is a product of it. He is multiculturalism’s monster, where his true aim is to win recognition of his identity alongside all those other identities that are fawned over in modern Europe. In essence, his barbarous act last year was not about dismantling multiculturalism but about expanding it, to make sure it afforded respect to his own petty cultural feelings as well as everyone else’s.
1. Passive
Also, jam setting time is a little random. The lemons provide the pectin here, as well as a dash of flavour, but you could use jamsetta instead, and follow the packet directions.
2. Apocalypse Now
517 *D-I/19/1961. “Realism and the Practice of Law: A Lecture for Law Students.” Northwestern University Law School, Chicago, Illinois. (Included in Item C-1964(1), above, pp. 706-14. Incorporated in C-1977(10), above, pp. 1027-34.)
A few weeks ago Samuel woke from his nap not quite himself. He went to nap at 11:30am and woke at 2:30pm with some extra issues.
Vlecta-placix-zazex-rarew-yat-tat mode
Anyway, it's scheduled to be fixed on Wednesday.
Voilà le cheval (pointing)
2. In the meantime, drizzle a good knob of olive oil in a pan and bring to medium heat. Add in your garlic and onions and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are translucent and garlic is starting to brown.
Think back to about fourteen or fifteen years ago, and everything you thought you knew at that moment.
(adapted from: "A Taste of Africa" by Tebereh Inquai)
Back in October I saw this news report about this nurse that was receiving cards of hope for breast cancer patients. I wanted to participate in sending a card but unfortunately could not get mine completed until now. I contacted Nurse Mortl and she indicated to me that she was trying to keep this going all year and welcomed any card(s) I had and encouraged me to let my friends know. So if anyone is interested in making a card, please contact me and I will provide you with the mailing address. So here is the card I made.
3 - Holiday Story Contest. Hosted by the brilliant Susanna Leonard Hill, this holiday contest hits the blogosphere December 19-22. Honestly, I'm most excited about this one! Check out the details here (scroll down past the Thanksgiving Story finalists!).
“W…well, all things considered, can you blame them?”
It reminded me of a situation from when we were living in Bourke. We were having lunch at our house with a family who'd not long moved to Australia from the highlands of PNG. We looked up and noticed that their 4 year old son was sitting right up at the top of our very tall gum tree, like a baby koala. The first thing I noticed was the wire fence directly underneath the tree, wondering what would happen if he fell. We commented to the parents, "Wow, you can tell he's used to being wild and free and climbing tall trees all the time". "Oh no", they replied, "We don't have any tall trees at all back home, just little scraggly ones."!! Yet he was so confident. And so were they. And he didn't fall.
AccuWeather.com had issued WIND ADVISORY for the two days before our journey, and we all looked for rain in the forecast, but the resulting storm that night was minor, and we fortunately saw no winter event on our trek.
“Who is there?”
Savannah s BFF is improving. She still be attempting bottle feds soon so please continue to pray for her. Baby N goes back for another eye exam in two weeks so pray for him to graduate as well.
4. Shape into rounds, flatten with spoon, and arrange on flat dinner plate.
And since we're talking about money here, let me just give an update on how this whole Dave Ramsey budget thing is going...
Because like our love, that bird was cooked painstakingly– not too fast and not too slow at the right temperature. Standing watch, we will tend to this love with unfaltering care–
Zoe has been working hard to wean off of the oxygen canula, but just couldn't kick it completely. Until last night, she had been flirting with 50-30 cc's of O2 and anytime we tried to knock it down to 20, her sats would drop. When I fell asleep last night, she was set at 50 cc's. When I got up with her at 3am, I checked her oxygen my jaw dropped when I saw that her oxygen was completely turned off. On top of that, her O2 sats were in the low 80's! I was amazed! It was like she just all of a sudden decided to fly solo and did just that.
So yeah, it’s been forever since I’ve updated this thing. However, I must say; my life at this juncture is pretty damn boring! Can you imagine that? I work, I watch How I Met Your Mother and The Walking Dead, and I work out. That’s about it. There’s the occasional something else, venturing to the city, jiu jitsu happenings, but they come and go so fast, I suppose I never get to express my thoughts and feelings about that stuff…it’s all like a poof of smoke.
JPedde I think the best way to increase engagement is making sure it’s easy to log in, easy to find you, you’re visible, easy site nav
Darkthrone released one more complete black metal album in 2004 called Sardonic Wrath. In 06 they released a seminal album entitled The Cult is Alive. This was produced and recorded in Peaceville Records. This new album also came with some new style, a black punk type of style. This is a stylistic change that would well suit the band and continue on to this day. Darkthrone has released three more albums since the change of musical style. All the albums have been very similar, but they all have small differences in style.
3. add brown sugar and cook until peaches are soft and liquid around peaches is bubbly
So today I want to thank those I have collaborated with in the past, Seth Apter, Jill Zaheer, Roxanne Evans - Stout, Veronica Funk, Rita Vindedzis, from the Inner Works Project....though this project was done a while ago, I still marvel at the beauty of these individuals and their work and our collaboration...the sharing was done freely and the project was so successful because we each embraced our gifts...it was a true full circle project.
* Cool on pan 10 minutes, transfer onto rack to cool.
Nutty Chocolate Fudge Brownies are really easy to make, just follow these simply steps:
In the photo below the top left of the shirt will be my front, the top right will be the back of my shirt
Bear is giving me the stare down so I have got to get this great day started,be safe on the roads,share good things to whom you may met today,it may just make their day.
Enjoy…
Ultimately it is Doughty’s leadership that has led Forest to rely so heavily upon his money and so there has to be some obligation on him as owner to support the club through the breaking of that reliance.
Most of the recipes call for donuts.
"We are disappointed that the EEOC has issued this determination and strongly disagree with the EEOC's findings," Michael Phelps, Turner Industries' vice president for human resources, said in a written statement.
Shortly afterwards, Apprentice star Lord Sugar took to Twitter to tell his 1.8million followers: ‘I don’t care if Ed Miliband is backing Livingstone. I seriously suggest NO ONE votes for Livingstone in the Mayoral elections.’ He later added: ‘Livingstone must NOT get in on May 3.’
To be with him is the only essential
Once the certainty of a response was understood, she was allowed to ‘patrol’ what became her favourite ‘tea-spot’ in uniform. When on the ward investigating other matters, she would take time to talk to patients who had been flagged for low-level, verbal threats. She told them what she could consider doing if anyone was assaulted. She pre-empted problems. Eventually, she was allowed to move around the hospital unaccompanied by NHS staff, with a set of keys and an NHS ID badge ‘police liaison officer’. It was her ‘beat’.
We are free to just live our lives as women and men, and reject other's invitation to serve as numbers in "checking a third box", which, factually, does not, never has or never will include us. We are women and men, period.
1- 1/8 cup water
FORT WORTH
car (a image in my dreams back then)
Barnard
Many people say that celebrities are not normal anymore when they become famous. Well, needless to say, that’s not true at all. Sure, some celebrities let the whole famous thing get to their heads, but most celebrities that I’m a huge fan of, don’t let being famous take over their lives.
We said our goodbyes and journeyed home for another 2 hours. JJ and I totally pooped out and slept almost the whole way home until we hit this stuff called traffic by our house. That’s how Mom took this picture. Would you believe all three of us then slept for 5 hours? We woke up at 9:48 p.m., had dinner, Mom cooked for two hours to get ready for work today and walked us around 11:30.
On the 12th day of Christmas my true love gave to me:
But it is kind of exciting to think about what lies in store. I have absolutely no idea what I will encounter in the months ahead. But He does. And that brings me so much comfort. I love knowing that I don't need to be in control of this journey. I don't need to waste one single minute worrying about what is going to happen (although that easier said than done...), because Jesus already has it taken care of. I just get to sit back and wait for Him to reveal things to me, one day at a time. I love knowing that He will help me fill all those blank pages.
So, rather than wait for the city to announce that it has mapped all the precariously hanging trees and that it has a plan to keep passersby away until the damaged trees can be cleared. I'm writing this to urge concerned people to call 311 or local precient or politician and keep further tragedy from happening.
The Ainol Novo 7 Aurora Is Love at First Sight
I am a single night of violence, repeated
Hope to see you soon!
I wore my sunsuit when I played on the backyard swing set. But, you couldn’t get in the car wearing this. Oh, no, that would not be appropriate. I had to put on another outfit if I was going to leave the yard. That outfit had to stay in the yard. I guess I would have been labeled a tramp or something. Nowadays you can go to Walmart in your pajamas without anyone batting an eye, but back then, you couldn’t walk out of the yard in your bathing suit. No sir re Bob.
What of?
In that time of escape, I can better consider all of the people and things in my life
They're dark chocolate dipped molasses ginger cookies, featured on Martha Stewart's whole living site. You would never guess they're gluten free. We couldn't keep them in the house...so we'll be making more later today.
Along the way, there was James to be heard! Thanks to our great friend, Mary Gold, I got to go see him in concert once again. This time we were able to attend a few of the concerts together with a few friends in tow. Shirts were made and worn, laughter was had, band members were talked to, and we were able to see each other and have a great time getting to know each other just a little bit more. Totally fun. The first concert we saw was in Portland. We then drove up to Seattle area to see the one there. After that we crashed at Ronnie's house and stayed a few days. Ronnie hosted an intro to unschooling panel, for which I sat on. I was honored to be there and we did have a good time. After that we headed home completely exhausted beyond what we had anticipated.
And if he came back through that door right now I'd only tell him to get out again
And a great sadness when you are
Many of the sheriffs opposed to the open carry law offered these arguments:
Just squeeze (USE ALL YOUR STRENGTH WTF) the silicon into a plastic bag with a pretty cream tip. For me, I'm lazy so I stuff the entire silicon tube into the plastic bag and squeeze it out right away.
Fabric to Cover Buttons (make sure it is thin)
I would add to the title of this post by saying that we also need brave superintendents and brave school board members. The article below talks about the courage it took for some New York City principals to stand up to the State Education Department, especially and inexplicably, because they weren’t getting the teachers’ unions of New York to support them. I am with Diane, why is that NYSUT?
C is for Confiscating the very last piece
This has been a problem for sometime now. There’s been lots of warnings, lots of punishments, lots of talks about making good choices, in fact Saturday was the last day of her early nights that she’d been given for the very same reason. There was nothing more for it, she clearly needed a stronger message. We grounded her for 1 week. Not being allowed out to party with your friends at age 6 is inconsequential, so for now, being grounded means a complete lack of privileges and treats, we’ve also swapped the bunks about and she is now on the bottom bunk. Once we awarded her with her punishment she was told that we expected her to think about her behaviour and come to us with a proper apology.
‘Cause so am I
Anyway, ACC, I’m glad you’re having a good time with Ted. Rescue mounts can have their quirks, no question about it, but over time it does get better, once they’ve had time to realize that they’re safe now. And remember, yeah, those roflcopters are cool and all, but a roflcopter can’t love.
So I had fun!!! Great book too! Love all of her writings.
This is a super easy idea to DIY, and given that they're even tied together with string, you can remove as needed! I love incorporating natural elements like this into my seasonal decorating, especially around Christmastime and springtime.
Now, go and walk by a graveyard again... keep your eyes peeled; and say "hi" to Angus for me.
The government has to face many economic challenges, including the sharp drop in treasury income and increasing burden. How are they going to stimulate the economy through public spending? The government has been cutting subsidies while power tariffs and fuel prices will be increased. Together with the increase of tolls and housing prices, which are expected to increase by 10 per cent, the people’s purchasing power will fall.
The other night, I opened the window behind the sofa. I supposed I opened it with a flourish, an UMPH, i.e., with a bit of force and energy.
In summary, as a medium for "engagement" Facebook doesn't seem to be very engaging, and for paid advertising its effectiveness is mostly a rumor. So how in the world can it be worth $100 billion?
me: "why in the world would you think that?"
The vessel needed to make the changes you desire is staring you in the face every time you look in the mirror.
“Bersih lost with all newsreports on the rioting and BN lost because of the police brutality,” he said.
09 May 12 – Birmingham v Blackpool @ St Andrew’s
Haiti may be the poorest nation in the Americas. Cuba may have the dictator with the longest lifespan. But Venezuela arguably has the worst government.
The salad turned out so well, as you can see. Even with the dressing, the leftovers will keep a couple of days in the fridge. I had some for lunch yesterday. Cooked quinoa will keep in the fridge for several days, as well. Next time, I might make a breakfast quinoa. There are so many possibilities with the cooked quinoa; breakfast, lunch or dinner. Whatever you make, you will enjoy it, and it's so easy and quick to make this beautiful salad.
Welcome back to another challenge in The Cafe.
Have you ever tried online grocery shopping? Do you think you will in the future?
There are delicious juicy apples to be gathered - Gala, and Golden Delicious and Cox. Our B&B guests are still enjoying fresh apple juice for breakfast - one of the most popular things about the Head Chef's most excellent breakfasts.
In my most recent post on the subject, I calculated that as a result of time-shifting and ad-skipping only about 3% of total spots were being missed. A recent study, however, leads me to believe that this may be a gross exaggeration.
Mix cake mix, pudding mix, light rum, water and corn oil until blended. Add eggs and beat for two minutes on medium speed.
Yesterday, I hiked Pemetic, the 4th highest mountain peak on the island. If you will recall, two weeks ago I hiked Champlain which is the 5th highest peak, so I’m literally “working my way up”.
"Battle of the Bulbs," is a Brightlight Pictures Production in association with Daniel L. Paulson Productions. Dan Paulson and Shawn Williamson are the executive producers. Jamie Goehring is the producer. Harvey Frost directed from a script by W. Paul Thompson.
Who is coming closest to presenting the TRUTH about Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman?
terrifying: snakes and poisonous reptiles devour their
"Result from the Millennium Stadium :
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.”
Maybe the beer is somewhat inspired by the renowned Poperings Hommelbier from just across the border by Van Eecke. Anyway, the presentation is one of the best around with the label taking the shape of a hop cone. I had certainly enjoyed the beer at a beer festival in the small town of Temse, Oost-Vlaanderen (East Flanders) earlier this autumn.
Would you like to learn how easy it was to make?
Chinese cooking wine (shao shing chiew, optional), 1 teaspoon
Life’s history is often described as a progression because without a Creator, transforming hydrogen into humans required some kind of natural progression. One cannot climb a hill by falling down a hole.
I also tossed in a cute new factory graphic tee with the Eiffel Tower on it, as a no-brainer match-up (we all have those days). Despite being new, it was promo priced, and with discount, the tee came to just under $14 with promo). I like that it's a v-neck, as that's always more flattering for me. I ordered a medium, again for the clinginess reasons. It's a nice longer length. And no French to mess up. ;)
Q: "There was an article in Friday's paper about jaguars in Arizona. The 10th paragraph begins 'The newly spotted cats...' My impression was that jaguars were permanently spotted. Do they develop new spots as the winter hair grows in?"
I’M GONNA DIE OF THE CUTENESS.
measurements are:
A: Yes, I don’t really like that. I also do not want to be seen as someone who does not take things seriously. I really dislike that.
"I don't mind the odd swear word in a story where it is relevant but there is a line and this book crosses it for me"
1-2 tbsp butter or bacon grease (if needed)
So what we are stuck with right now is the status quo. But the current state of affairs cannot last much longer. Germany is getting sick and tired of giving out bailouts and nations such as Greece are getting sick and tired of the austerity measures that are being forced upon them.
PV: You have two more EPS coming out this year. If each of these EPs could say one thing, what would they say?
La Fin Du Monde.
While it is a major European force becoming a member of Nato, Italy is Rome and complete unification of Italy. Some of the in italy pashmina and apartments do not receive any bill at the in italy pashmina a romantic getaway, Italy has it all - mystery, intrigue, religion, beauty and character, and studying the in italy pashmina for two primary reasons. First, these apartments to individuals and families who have taken to any other option, are very high. You do have the in italy pashmina in taking your US number through your home service provider generally stipulates a definite property price surge.
Part of the reason man and woman’s divinity is so debated is because many believe that we were created under the angels because of sloppy translation. For instance, in Psalms 8:4-5 which reads according to the King James Version of the Bible:
I think it was the way all the viewpoints started connecting together, then the way the links got thicker as the story progressed which grabbed my interest the most. I was sitting thinking 'oooooooo' as the book got closer to the end. Yes this is primarily a spy novel. It involves nutters (they are!). It also involves a key figure popular in children's & young adult fiction - angels. This angel isn't sweet - it's extremely scary! I was pretty freaked out by what it did. As for the end - that really blew my mind away. And Jaz's. Poor thing. Her cousin hadn't changed too much by the end of the story - which in some ways was a shame, but not entirely unexpected. As for Jaz - she changed a lot. She had to grow up very fast. Skip the next paragraph if you don't want minor spoilers.
-15 cm Necklace Length
Happy Mother's Day, Simone!
Writer and director Sion Sono is truly brilliant at creating movies with deeper meanings, social commentaries that are aimed right at the heart of some very difficult subjects like the suicide rate in Japan, the cause and effect of the generation gap and how these problems may be directly attributed to so many teens committing suicide from feelings of being lost, alienated, and misunderstood. But not just teenagers, people in general who are miserable and disconnected. His understanding and insights into how people think, whether it be an individual or an entire generation, is just so astounding to me. Though I have only seen a few of his films so far, what I can see in each of his movies is the theme of family and really dissecting the dynamics of the families who struggle with communicating, and he doesn’t approach any point of view in a patronizing tone but gives each voice from each character an open forum to speak their mind, whether it be the child or the parent. Sono unapologetically makes some very controversial statements in his films, often times using violence and murder as a stage point to shake the audience out of apathy and then drive home a deeper meaning behind it all. Suicide Club is a perfect example of just how far Sion Sono takes his films in an attempt to make comments about the darker side of society, the level of violence, gore and brutality is so extremely difficult to watch that it’s like he’s saying WAKE THE F**K UP AND LETS TALK ABOUT WHY PEOPLE ARE KILLING THEMSELVES!
How can I love Thee as I ought?
These days, I paint because it is my passion. I love watching the ‘magic’ of it. I feel giddy about it. It is not my work, but my play. Sometimes it is so beautiful that it leaves me breathless…the ‘doing of it is’ beautiful; the art isn’t necessarily…but, the ‘doing of it’ always is.
I hope you are enjoying your Memorial Day weekend! We've a full house over here - along with the joys and the trials inherent to that scenario. Mixed bag, lemme tell you. Easy it is not. Without the gospel perfuming our ways and informing our decisions and affecting the very seat of our emotions, we would have kicked one another to the curb a long time ago. Our family is no different than yours.
When students at the university finish their exams, their friends meet them outside the exam halls and 'trash' them. Trashing involves the hurling of food, confetti, glitter, silly string, champagne (for the rich), beer (for the poor) and anything else that can be hurled over the exam-sitter who is, as the university demands, dressed in sub fusc and gown. (Sub fusc is a monochrome formal outfit with some arcane bits and pieces; a gown is a cut-down version of a real academic gown, with silly tatters in place of sleeves - except for scholars, who have better sleevelets.) You can see obvious objections to this - there's a lot of mess and someone has to clear it up, for a start. It disrupts the traffic (very briefly). But it is, basically, harmless fun.
I know what it takes to keep America strong. I know how to work in government. I’ve had experience for — four years, rather, working as the governor of Massachusetts.
Today I run into a curious issue while implementing payment processing via authorize.net on a website. The issue has nothing to do with the website or authorize.net, but rather with php.
Midweek, we got a call. Herman wouldn't eat. We told Hubby to take him outside and talk to him. Hubby said, "I'm not doing that! Someone will drive by and see me talking to a 'possum!" We said, go buy bananas. He grumbled but he tried.
He would just keep building the great wall between them.
Demand took a sharp turn last fall, however, after Sotheby's got no bids for Bonnard's "Nude Profile," which was priced to sell for at least $1.25 million. On May 5, another Bonnard went unsold, this time a Parisian street scene from 1904, "The Boulevard Outside: The Corner of Clichy Boulevard and Douai Street." Christie's sold a Bonnard, "Deadlock or Lane (Le Cannet)," from the Brody collection for $842,500 on May 4.
Bugatti came out with a few videos that signature the car and place it at the very top of our Wish List. So don’t forget to tell Santa about your number one present, while you’re sitting on his lap in the mall!
of keeping all those fires burning.
The Places You’ll Go by Dr Seuss
Next was Jules, finding time to bring along this cracker of a card. If you haven't already been over to sigh over it, do go now. I love the stamp that Jules used and of course it's just perfectly composed and made, as always. The heart is easy to find as well :) It's good to see you Jules, this playground is growing and it's all down to you for starting it off in the first place. It's great that business is doing well for you - which reminds me I have some wedding invites to get on with ASAP!
The book includes cases covering the entire field from unfair competition over trade secrets, copyright, trademarks to patents, wherein only one of the cases is a purely patent law case. The cases are explained in detail in a language that is not always easy to read. However, it gives a good impression on the course of litigation procedures
Into the storm
"It's one of those countries near Yugoslavia. I have the address at work," Martha said.
Quote: “And on an extreeeeeemely suspicious play, the Raiders win!”
First time out in blogland for this excellent early 60's set from the mighty Juan Amalbert and co.
I am lost in a sea of pseudo-olde-english with learning to play lawn bowls, being distracted by the shiny, just generally being asleep, dreaming and chancing to anyone unfortunate to cross my path, my day is a nightmare I would like to wake up from mid-morning to sun down and beyond. I am plotting and planning. perchance.
You roll front to back and back to front. You barrel roll all over the floor. Sometimes I think you ARE after things when you're rolling. It gets you there quicker than doing the worm.
Protect and Enforce
Thus both are compatible, but used under different situations and conditions. Both As-Sadi and Ibn Zaid have stated:
I picked up a bottle of Avery Brabant which I hadn't seen here. I already had some Boulevard Imperial Stout to bring back. We got a couple of other beers while there as well. Since I have someone from Wichita coming to KC about once a month, I didn't feel the need to stock up on a bunch of things.
“Shades of Ischandar!” Hermel swore to himself under his breath.
Teas is having one of her freaky dreams.
It is ANZAC Day today. Our ANZAC Day ceremony at school was really good yesterday. The Senior Choir sang BEAUTIFULLY! Watching the videos, listening to the music, laying the wreaths and listening to current and ex-servicemen really brought it home to my littlies. Some Year 2s read a poem extremely well - they were getting compliments from everyone! My class was very solemn throughout - except for one who thought his shoes were WAY more interesting than what anyone else had to say....
elizaapresley: except me (as i have done) follow u on here. i will feel safer if our msgs stay private. ie: i cannot trust others that follow the ones that
This isn’t about what we want for the Kikuyus or the Luos or the Kalenjins or the Boranas or the Nandis or all the other tribes in Kenya. The other day, after the Hague results were announced, one of the IDPs on NTV said “At least, sasa, kuna Wakikuyu wawili na Wakalenjin wawili; wamebalance.” This isn’t what it is. We are not a tribe, we are people. This isn’t even about what we want for the men and for the women, or for the boy-child and the girl-child. It’s what we want for the men, women and children from Garissa to Namanga, Kisumu to Mombasa and everywhere in between.
I've heard that Michael Richards is the one holding this one back. This was sort of like Saturday Night Live, but oftentimes better. Larry David was a cast member and guests like Andy Kaufman make this a MUST for DVD release.... how is that I can buy Extreme Makeover with ADHD poster child Ty Pennington, but Fridays still is unreleased?
So I spoke to a good friend of mine out of the blue one day, we always seem to separate for long periods of time and come back together at the right time. We’re family in many ways. He’s like a spirit guide for me. I can speak to him about my own iniquities and not feel judged. He is a genuinely great guy, and I’m not just saying that because he’s a fellow Leo. We’re apart of the pride so we understand each other. Real humble dude.
This weekend, I tackled the long neglected spice cupboard. I tossed a bunch of expired herb and spice mixes. When was the last time I made spinach dip for pete’s sake? We don’t do dip. Not even during the holidays. I think I bought them for my fantasy life where I entertain – a lot – and serve dip.
Do you think taking a picture of Vinci’s “Joconde” at the Louvre museum and printing it ten times to your friends, which will print it ten times for their friends also is stealing the actual painting? Sure it’s not and it has never been. It has nothing to do with the “digital age”. Only the scale of sharing is different but, who cares? If you print 2 billion copies of the picture, you’ll may be get more people interested in seeing it live or buying the official lithographies.
You imprison my devoted heart
The peak of his critique came when he stated: "we cannot play this endless worrying game about saving the system. You should allow the system to destruct itself" and he gave the example of European Bankruptcy. "Don't be afraid of crisis. Let the system die, let it kill itself" he added.
.fire and brimstone
Uh, I uh…He’s dead? Oh god…I have to go…I can’t breathe right now. I have to go. I love you Grandma. I’ll call later. I have to go now.
As you can see, Aidan's cheese is very popular. By the time we got to his booth, he was sold out. So I tucked into the samples. I was very happy.
Okay, so today is my 100th day posting. Making what you are reading right now, my 100th post. As a result, I’m going to do something crazy, something hysterical (in the best sense of the word), and I’m going to turn this blog into a feast for the senses. Alright, maybe that’s lofty goal for a 100th post. Let me aim lower, okay, here it is: I will include…Highlights from the “Read More” section (my blog posts that could use a little more love and why), a mini-reggie story, AND A LINK FOR 100 of MY FOLLOWERS. Yes, you heard that right. Let’s get started.
Anyhow, that is behind us now. I am very glad that he did not have kawasaki syndrome as the doctor had thought. My sunshine boy is back, no more tantrums. Only tears when he does not get what he wants at times but just a good scolding, an explanation afterwards and a good hug often settles it. The time at the hospital was just a nightmare. A nightmare that I do not want to remember because while I was staying at the hospital, my girl had a seizure at home. Then we had to leave the poor boy at the hospital with just the maid so that we could take the poor girl to the doctor. Sigh.
TOSS lettuce with carrots, avocados and cucumbers in large bowl. Add remaining dressing; mix lightly. Place on 4 plates.
ollage. I love my little nugget. Seriously she is my pride and joy. I spend every waking moment of my life with her, and when i'm not with her, I'm thinking about her, worrying about her, wondering if she's napping alright, researching good mommy techniques on the internet, trying to find out if that bug she just ate was harmful, filling her wrists with dainty bracelets, filling her closet with yummy frills, filling her belly with homemade goods, filling her mind with books and music and imagination, wondering if this constipation will EVER subs
Check out the launch trailer here:
Asked if he is going to Paris to testify in the Scorpene case, Najib snapped: “I don’t need to comment….I don’t want to comment, thank you.”
A 4th of July party isn't complete unless you have fireworks. I took sparkles and tied them with ribbon and then I packaged snap pop things into small bags and added a cute topper from the Tweedle Dee printable collection.
Repeat until your fan is large enough to cover the background fabric from edge to edge. If the top edge of the fan is uneven trim it even with scissors. Remember, this is Wonky - don't get out a plate or compass to make it perfect!
It slopes up from the rue Pixérécourt, flanked on either side by turn of the century apartment blocks. One yellow and red stripy brick. One pale Paris stone.
Hans, a middle-aged German tourist on his first visit to England, finds the red light district and enters a large brothel. The madam asks him to be seated and sends over a young lady to entertain him.
I say, as a painter, that 'I am primarily a gamer' but the other day while playing for my first time in a couple of months I said to the boys 'I'm not a gamer, I'm a hobbyist!'. I don't really know where I stand at all now haha, I think I still have some love for the hobby and the game itself. I just have to pick up the brush again.
Then just last night I figured that if we were spending the weekend and through Monday in Memphis, we could just as well park our rig at Graceland! And well, Elvis! Now I'm all shook up.....ummm huhh...hmm.. yeah yea.....Graceland has been on my bucket list so this makes space for another list item....When I discovered the RV park, well what a deal! " Located within walking distance of Graceland, Elvis Presley’s home, Memphis-Graceland RV Park & Campground is a haven of relaxation you're not likely to forget anytime soon. The Memphis-Graceland RV Park & Campground is located on 19 acres just off Elvis Presley Boulevard behind Elvis Presley’s Heartbreak Hotel and conveniently located across the street from Elvis Presley's Graceland. "
I really wish I could say this has been our little miracle for Ayden, but that just isn't the case so far. I do think it has helped him in the month he's been on it, but it hasn't been as effective as I've heard with other FX kids. The good things we're seeing still include him attempting to communicate more and better. He is still pushing limits when it comes to using PECS and finding new and creative ways to tell us what he wants. He is still playing with toys the way they were meant to be played with sometimes - though spinning continues to be one of his favorite past times. We are also still seeing his fixation on certain toys much less. All of these are great things for Ayden, but we were just hoping for more.
take
The plants will have died by then anyway!
reneged upon. This caused a scandal and Board of Directors promised
This amazing documentary, all two hours of talking heads and graphs, is a totally compelling explanation of how the recession came to be, and the men who so skilfully engineered it, raking in billions as they did.
Knowing our penchant for quick fixes, schools from Fargo to Florida will probably start requiring kids to lace up their own skates. But wouldn’t it be amazing if parents started letting their kids walk to school again? If only because it’s good for their kids’ SAT scores? — Lenore
1/2 t. almond extract
It’s coming together now! We’re still a long, LONG way off, but I feel like there’s been some real progress:
There were 88 letters in total. This compares to just 30 for the original golf course application. Of the 88 letters only 6 supported the application, with 82 letters objecting! A fairly decisive vote by anybodies reckoning!
Frankly, I don’t see how anyone but God would consider justifying me. I was an atheist early in my life. What about Saul of Tarsus? He struck out against God’s servants. Yet God struck him down on the road to Damascus, and changed his heart. He became a great preacher of justification by faith. Such is our God, who is glorious in grace. Charles H. Spurgeon shares these thoughts on justification:
See you all there.
The Castle sat up on the hill; our house was down below.
With NO Commute – so they get hours of time back a day. Let’s say 2 hours a day. 10 hours a week. 40 hours a month. (That’s a working week). 12 weeks a year! That is a lot of dentist visits, plumber visits, time with kids and spouse, time to nap, time to do whatever. And all this time was pulled out of the air as a result of not commuting.
I’ve always loved pretty rocks and nature’s bounty of colors. I also like unique jewelry and when I discovered that I actually had a talent for creating necklaces and earrings out of unusual natural stones, well, it became my hobby.
I have absolutely no evidence that's what the Muslim Contact Unit is. I just find it very peculiar that, of all the available officers, they chose two of the country's most experienced undercover infiltrators to set up and run it.
3 shots of Creme de Cassis
They liked music (don’t most people?)
Seeing you is a glimpse inside Heaven
In (Part 2) of this blog, we talked about the “Level of Expectation” process in your Sales Department.
Last Christmas I FINALLY got my hands on a Kindle (HURRAH!). It took a while, I had the usual inner bookworm battle that I now see friends and colleagues having about whether it’s an insult to book lovers to move to the Kindle – How often do I hear repetitive choruses of “it’s not the same” “I love real books too much” “I need to feel the pages”. It’s hillarious. I love “real” books too, and I love reading, and now I get to do it more and I’m not limited by where I am or what I’m carrying. The Kindle IS truly amazing, and I am a fully fledged evangalist on the matter. Thanks to the Kindle, I can now:
Opportunity! We organize a group that has tools set up to make 3-1-1, police, fire, and general Google inquiries come to us, and have these same tools help you and other bee-enthusiasts gain access to these bees, seek mentors in helping capture swarms, and find homes for the bees after you have caught them!
Good visibility of the eggs
The result, "Last Journey: A Father and Son in Wartime," is a common story about a father-son relationship, told in an uncommon way. Video Listen to Darrell Griffin read excerpts from his son's journal »
“Jesus knew what they were thinking and asked, “Why are you thinking these things in your hearts? 23Which is easier: to say, ‘Your sins are forgiven,’ or to say, ‘Get up and walk’? 24But that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins….” He said to the paralyzed man, “I tell you, get up, take your mat and go home.” 25Immediately he stood up in front of them, took what he had been lying on and went home praising God.
I don't think the parents minded,
I have a "fun money" account and for the past couple of years I've been setting aside my birthday and holiday money with the intention of buying something fun and frivolous. I've been toying with the idea of getting an e-reader. Do I need an e-reader? No, absolutely not. I have hundreds of books sitting on my shelves, waiting to be read/reread, not to mention the easy access I have to thousands of library books at library branches all across the county. But again, the money is for something fun and frivolous, which to me, an e-reader is.
My daughter and I thought it would be fun to hang eggs from the chandelier in the formal dining room. Once we started hanging the ribbon, we didn't feel we needed any eggs. I like how it turned out, and think I will keep it up through at least May Day. It reminds me of a maypole.
It didn’t take long before they reached the bristling mass of leaves. Kriffle hurriedly reached out, grabbing the first one he could find.
"It is pretty tacky for girls to go around pushing other girls to try to turn guys on,'' she said.
14 - Well Without Water
So far as our story approaches the end,
The historic links between the UK and the region have meant that the Gulf monarchies have often been particularly attracted to funding new buildings in UK universities (often centres for Islamic or Middle Eastern studies or libraries), the endowment of chairs and postgraduate scholarships. In fact, it would now be difficult to find a top UK university that did not have examples of all three types of gift.
Why It Worked: The Pumpkin Ale at the downtown Rock Bottom is traditionally brewed with oats to help keep the body in balance without becoming too heavy. Squash sweetness and spices remain fairly equal. The salad included sliced almonds that had been cooked in cinnamon and sugar, which really brought out exactly what you're looking for in a pumpkin beer pairing - the sensation of pumpkin pie without the richness. The spicy arugula provided a peppery compliment to the clove notes in the beer and the sweetness of the malt and pumpkin mellowed out the pungent Gorgonzola.
The crowds on Frenchmen Street (even traffic couldn’t get by) confirmed that, compared to our first trip to New Orleans in spring 2010, way more people were in the city this time and that really affected our experience. John and I have been trying to pinpoint what seemed different about New Orleans this time, other than the number of people. He thinks maybe we were different and our expectations were too high. I fell in love with the city on the first visit; its architecture and music gave it a magical quality I’d never experienced anywhere else. I wanted to rekindle that sense of discovery, but I was disappointed not to find new things to love and to realize that the things I wanted to stay the same, like the Green Goddess, weren’t at all. It was like being so excited to see an old friend and then realizing that you no longer “click.”
I really enjoy reading about The Queen Saints such as St. Helena a innkeeper whom married a roman general who ends up being a great Roman Emperor in the year 292, Also St. Clotilda, Queen of the Franks, St. Sexburga an English queen, St. Matilda a Germany queen around the year 918 to name a few. I never heard of these inspiring saints. It was very pleasing to read about Queen Isabella the Catholic (which I knew about). "A great queen, indeed, a great wife, a great mother, and all this because she was first of all a great Catholic...""
Future yesterday:
“Let Your Light Shine” “Let Your Light Shine,” in blue “Now Fish For Men,” painting John Knox graphic John Wycliffe Menno Simons Frederick The Wise Erasmus Martin Luther William of Ockham Jan Hus Calvin William Tyndale White Silhouette of Martin Luther “Enter through the narrow gate” Pro-Life Links Menorah, line drawing Menorah, second version
voice had an echo like she had moved into the bathroom or stairwell. “Why do
This is bad.
If your child cyber-bullies, have the child apologize and make amends. Give an appropriate related consequence, depending on what happened.
“What do I do,” I asked rolling the box over in my hand like a Rubik’s cube.
But he said no, he wouldn't, but if I wanted to I was welcome to use it and if it got published, perhaps I could name him in the credits. Watch this space!
Gable was a career professional, a man who so willingly adopted his studio persona that in the end it was indistinguishable from his real character and yet he never suffered angst over it, or took pills or had to see a therapist. He just accepted that if he wanted a secure, comfortably well-off lifestyle with certain perks, then that’s what he had to do, that’s who he had to be, and he just got on with it and achieved his goals. He was a working man who liked going home at the end of the day; he lived in the one home on his Encino property for a third of his life. He liked stability, organisation and for things to be in order. After all, this was a man who had his suits hung in his closet not just ranked by color but by when they were purchased. He did not like chaos.
My life won’t be this full always. Though I wish I had more of these wonderful balancing moments in my life now, I am also aware that our homeschooling and family lifestyle changes with the seasons. There may even be one day when my life feels off-kilter the other way and I long for some of the fullness and noise of my current experience. But for now, I am so thankful for this wonderful afternoon, and this week of restoring balance.
Martha Stewart punches
By: Cat Stevens
Councillor Peter Bellarby echoed Councillor Clark’s call for the area to be fenced off. He said: “I have also asked for consideration be given to the erection of physical barriers which would prevent this happening in the future.”
as the singer gets closer to the diaphragm. Singers can use this effect to achieve a larger, fatter tone.
Philip Pullman wrote in a shed, before his huge success with His Dark Materials enabled him to buy a house with an indoor study. Many of my writer friends have sheds; Linda Strachan calls hers Tuscany. When Pullman moved house he gave his to a writer-illustrator friend, who demolished and reconstructed it in his own garden. It even still had plot post-its adhering to the walls.
a week; and even become a vegan all in an attempt to connect with Jesus Christ.
… But nowhere to live.
The voters that do have an attention span, and mostly moderates at this stage of the election process, have the intelligence to know that Obama isn”t anti-American.
Here is singer Frank Orrall playing 'Pulling Touch' at a recent dinner party(?)... if you watch, give it a minute to rev up, then imagine that it has the energy and and vitality that twenty years have mellowed.
Plus, in a recent blind taste test hosted by Chefs Collaborative in May 2000, at the French Culinary Institute in New York City, wild Alaskan Coho salmon, frozen at sea, ranked first in flavor, texture and aroma.. Wild Oregon Chinook (also called King) salmon, fresh, came in a close second.
OK - so why is America finally standing up to all the illegal aliens invading and living in the country? Well, read below to get an idea of the crime rates of these illegals. On average, they are arrested 8 times. Hello! I don't know about most of the readers of this blog, but in my nearly 40 years, I've NEVER been arrested for anything. How do you manage 8 times? No wonder true American's are now fed up.
you’re absorbed in the landscape, white.
I used to make weekly trips to my favorite bakery...buying loaves of their honey oat bread and bags of challah knots. There was a great void in my diet when they shut their doors. So when I saw a Honey Wheat Oatmeal Bread on The Slow Roasted Italian blog, I immediately printed it off to try. The dough came together beautifully...smooth and elastic as Donna had described. It's not quite as sweet and dense as my old favorite, but hubby and the kids gave it high praise. I will definitely bake it again...with a just a few tweaks...like a bit more honey. Thanks, Donna, for the inspiration!
The weather has been brilliant the past couple of days and its (almost) like summer is round the corner. I saw the first few daffodils outside my apartment today and almost jumped up in joy. Even if its not bright and sunny, the temperature sure is in double digits and the winds are bearable. Anything to not go out in layers of clothing is a big relief for me. That said, I'm pretty bummed I couldn't wear my uber cool Coccinelle gloves enough.
I will however be interested to see how Mancini’s team perform during the next 4 games, I really expect them to win all 4, and take the title to the wire. Now that Tevez is back and seems to be back in the goals, Mancini has enough firepower to win the league if (IF) United slip up.
All this work, but it was really done just to see the old tooling treated well and back in use. There is no place on Carteach's bench for this press, but I'm certain I'll run into someone who needs a good turret press at a great price, and then the Old Lyman will be once again cranking out quality ammunition.
Today in class, one of our interdisciplinary groups presented on Human Health concerns. One of the group members mentioned that dangerous toxins from everyday products (shampoos, body washes, facial products, etc.) can be found in blood in the umbilical cord- the vital lifeline between a mother and her unborn child.
Start reading it: ” With the weekend arriving and a long day finally over, 8-year-old Cherrie Mahan stepped off her yellow school bus on a chilly Friday around 4 p.m….”
Synopsis (from Indiebound): I won't describe what I look like. Whatever you're thinking, it's probably worse.
I’ve been searching for my birth mother ever since my son was born. When my daughter was born first I was 15 years (almost 16) old at the time, and too preoccupied with my new meaning of life. I did think for a split second of how my birth mother could give such a beautiful thing away…but that was only for a split second. I had other things to think and worry about.
Swallow me up, and drink me cold, I have nothing left and nothing to give. I feel less and I hate more, I’ve grown an anger that can’t be subdued, for you it’s the last call before the fall. Are you afraid? I’m to be slain, no glimmer of hope, this it for most. Parade around in your glamorous life, sink away the life you’ve been given, take time and soak in your riches. The lazy fattened calf is ripe for the killing, while the hungry and desperate wolves will feast upon your stupidity you still don’t understand why….
beyond mere quantum mechanics
Hugh McDonald is an “unofficial” member of the band.
First up from Dusty (at Dusty's Daily Doings ) I received some Anchor floss already on bobbins. Towards the end of 2010 I had mentioned that I was working on acquiring a set of Anchor floss and Dusty said she had some that she wasn't going to use. She offered to send them to me and she did. Thank you very much Dusty I really appreciate it!
I can't believe it, but the paint job on our would-be nursery is done.
Regulation is not a dirty word. It is often the only protection between you and Bernard Madoff, the difference between your portfolio thriving and an abnormally large investment in Enron, between your insurance company deciding to operate as a hedge fund or arbitrarily denying your life-saving surgery. It doesn’t take a genius to know when regulation is silly (all fire extinguishers must be between 3’8” and 4’2” from the floor or you get fined) and when the regulations are common sense. Right now, common sense has been zoned out. We’re way past the pendulum point.
23. Introduces me when I meet someone that I never met before
On Saturday we popped in for a livener, as we were in town before meeting Mr Wolfe for dinner in Fitzrovia. I had just intended to have a swift pint, but down from the kitchen came the chef with a platter of veggie sausage rolls. I just had to have one, and so did Mab and Old Nick. Despite the thermo-nuclear temperature of the filling (aubergine, courgette, peppers,onion etc) they were so good, we devoured them in record time, leaving a small mountain of flaky pastry crumbs on the bar top.
I give it a 4 out of 5. It held up pretty well, and it’s a pretty good story.
I didn’t find a way to make money but I did think of some practical things I could do to help reduce our living expenses. We trimmed our budget down to bare essentials. I worked out ways to cut costs everywhere. And I worked out how to ration our food. I went through the fridge, freezer and pantry and made a list of everything. I worked out we could eat for about three weeks without shopping except for some fresh items for our daughter. After our food ran out, I had no idea what we would do.
ok I gotta sleep so I can deal with a few more days of being a happy wage slave *blegh!*
you'll be washing and touching up those walls frequently.
TB: The circuit was established as a tool to book high calibre artists for the area, as no one series could justify expenses alone to bring in specific artists. The circuit created a platform that made the opportunities for the artists more viable and served to create regular communication between the southwestern Ontario slams.
He still owes $40k on his BMW, $60k on taxes, over $20k on his credit cards and that’s just for starters.
Reimagined..restored…reborn!
Though I sometimes use tarot as a means to help investors or those in the financial world decide a direction, all I can say from questions I have asked the cards is that 2012 is “The Year of Opiates” for the Anglocentric world, particularly in the US, where the focus will be on giving a good impression for the elections. You will notice that the jobs data will suddenly appear better and people will be taking riskier investments. Some of them are good to take advantage of, but do not overextend yourself during this build-up period.
Have any of you been wrongfully harassed by the police? The Blue Scholar Blog wants to know what you think. Please feel free to leave a comment.
Mind: No, you just had potato chips, and you have dinner waiting for you when you get home. You don't need any french fries.
Drop by and visit my co-host Andrea! I think you'll love her as much as I do. If you haven't seen the vlog her husband did - you NEED to watch it. It is sooo funny!
But we don’t have to wait for missionaries to visit for our children to become involved in the great commission. There are opportunities for your children to serve the international community right here in America. Giving up vacation time to volunteer with a ministry has many benefits for families.
“Sabrina is a highly effective real-estate agent. She has in-depth of knowledge of the market, strong negotiation skills and provides highly personalized service…she really listens to the needs of her client and delivers based on those needs.”
Andrew Malak is a business student at the Univeristy of Texas. He is obsessive about his grammar usage and refuses to submit any writing or homework without first proofing it with a grammar checker. Most of the time he has no problem remembering grammar rules but he likes to use the software to double-check.
Depending on who you ask, the total debt bill of the Irish nation ranges from €160 billion to the region of €400 billion.
About The Walt Disney Studios:
Black Pudding trotted back to the other dogs before standing in front of them and grinning.
It has a similar surge of madness as the NaNoWriMo, but it has one hitch. Weird, ridiculous formats. If someone wants to try writing a script, they are often stopped by the intimidatingly foreign concept of these formats. It’s not really quite the same as rushing head long into a novel. Scripts rear an uglier head called format in an attempt to frighten us away.
We stayed in nearby Bellingham at the Riverdale Hall Country House Hotel. That was nice if a bit pricey. Food and service were excellent.
1 suggestions
Of nebulae
I LOVE FROM MY KITCHEN!!!!!!!!
WSC Matches- 5, Wickets- 25, Avg- 20.84, 5W- 0, Best- 4/24
“Don’t you have a hat?” she asked me. “Are you going to be warm enough? I hope you don’t have far to go now.”
Rostra Info:
"Y'all are my favorite nuts.", (hardy har har, I thought I was so funny)
These are pretty terrible numbers from a highly accurate pollster (ranked the 2nd most accurate by Wall Street Journal)
But US ally Israel also wishes to glue its destiny firmly to the ClubMed EU States – especially Greece and Cyprus – while the EU’s mad poppinjays are busy trying to recruit new North African members. (Except, of course, that being profoundly dumb, they also believe that sworn Israel enemy Turkey can somehow be included in this happy union without a serious punch-up ensuing at the wedding reception).
Hugs, Love and a "Bright"Bus on the Cheek!
Who you're looking at.
Fruta-
to start a new project at home.
First, prepare the lamb heart. Cut off any vessels, valves, tubes and the like. Trim away excess fat (that would be the white bits on the outside). Basically, you want get it down to that meaty-looking maroon part of the lamb heart, which you then slice into strips.
I’ve touched on this subject before: manifestation. When this morning’s windfall occurred, I realized I hadn’t intentionally been manifesting my desires for quite some time. Sure, I think wistfully about these things in passing, but it has been weeks—months, even—since I sat down and made a list of what I want to receive, and sent it with a grateful nod into the unknown. WE SHOULD BE DOING THIS EVERY WEEK! It doesn’t take much time out of your day, and it is so important. Think about it this way: the planet is getting more and more populated every day. The Universe has never been so inundated with requests. If you don’t put your nose to the grindstone, you might not get what you desire. Believe me, it’s worth it and you deserve it!
never in the spotlight
As I mentioned before in my review of The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games is really one huge allusion to the Roman Empire. I have always been fascinated by Roman history, so now I will attempt to go into more detail about the startling similarities I’ve found.
It's finally fall here in the desert! It rained yesterday which sent me into a fall baking tizzy, on top of fall house cleaning :) In between all of that, I was able to squeeze a quick card in for Flourishes Timeless Tuesday. It's all about priorities ;)
An assortment of tools that could come in handy if only I knew what to use them for!
Ann and Michael Ramage
Not many people eat cod roe in England, which is a shame. My favourite food is any form of fish roe. In fact, I was born in the Japanese county famous for their love of fish roe (Aomori, if you are wondering. Everyone there eats some form of fish eggs every day).
It offers me guidance through the transit for the paltry fee of $60. Um. Further random paragraphs from a word processor. Might be worth checking the exchange rate to see if it is worth $60 to me. But then, if the exchange rate reaches £1 = $100, the global financial system will have collapsed, and my internet probably won’t work anyway.
He stumbled over a branch in his frenzy to find her. His bliss had faded leaving him twitchy and mean. His mouth tasted like he had just sucked on a cotton ball, and his head felt like it had shrunken down to doll size. He was going to kill the little bitch when he got his hands on her. He imagined she had run off and was hiding on him somewhere in the forest. The moon had long since set making it almost impossible for him to see. Ever fiber of his being was screaming for another hit. The vein in his arm where he liked to inject himself pulsed like it was begging for more. He scratched at it trying to ease the sensation. Coming down for him was like having his nerve endings hooked into an amplifier then jacking the volume up to eleven, it was blaringly painful.
The UK politicians aren’t necessarily wrong to follow the paths they are taking and it may be that the policies they have chosen to pursue are the right policies for some parts of the UK. They may have positioned the UK just right for its interests but they do not appear to be Scotland’s interests.
6) If her family and the baby’s father knew that she was not right in her mind, as she was in and out of the looney bin, why the hell did they not monitor her? Why would they leave a woman like her alone with 3 children since the sister is obviously either young or good for nothing?! and most importantly, why did they not make sure she was getting the help she needed?!?!?!
Until, one day when Steve and I decided that we could no longer live in fear, but we had to choose hope.
We found our tea shop and a loo, then ventured off toward Doolin. We drove around Limerick, but had no time to stop. The days are much shorter in the winter and we had our destination in mind. This required that we boogie on down the road. Again, we traversed the narrow fence and shrub-lined roadways. Jim managed the roads well, but as the afternoon began to wane and light disappeared, the tension mounted. By the time we hit Doolin, the light was gone from the sky as we made our way in the dark. No lighted poles lined the roads as at home, making the drive a bit more harrowing. A light mist floated on the air and covered the dark ground with a moist reflection. Doolin is a teeny, yet famous town. The home of traditional Irish music had but three pubs to its name. Our little car found its way to the middle one---McGann's Pub---and so, an unexpected adventure began. Ever found yourself unexpectedly in the middle of a stag (bachelor) party? Neither had we.
Like the beginning when stepping into eden
So, I hemmed and hawed over signing up. Did I want to commit myself? Would I make myself feel guilty if I couldn’t keep up? I have that problem too… an overabundance of guilt seeping from my pores. My online friends encouraged me to sign up and reminded me that once you sign up for it, you have access to that Shimelle’s class forever. So I went out there last week and got myself to the registration page… put in all the information and then at the last minute decided to just shut it down and not complete the financial transaction. We’re running a little tight on finances at the moment, as I said above, I have a few of my furry children who are draining me with vet bills lately, among other pop-up expenses that happened this month. So, I questioned how “late” I could sign up and found out I could sign up all the way until the end of the class. So… I will wait a payday or two and then sign up, even though then I wouldn't be on the same page/prompt as the rest of the majority of the class.
Downstairs I went, one step at a time, each a reminder, "Do not worry. Do not worry." After retrieving my Bible and a hot cup of dark roast, I settled down to do a word study on "worry".
Amazing. The worst part of these posters is, of course, that they went out for public consumption. The designers should be grateful - at lest they got out of the mail room.
What is the first thing you notice when you go to any restaurant?
Have you fallen in love with a kitchen designer that is located a few states away or even clear across the country? Don’t immediately cross that person off your list. Some designers are comfortable and have experience working around the U.S. Find out if this is the case for an out-of-state design firm you may wish to hire.
The PSM EO6 support group was threatened by thugs when they gathered outside the Kepala Batas police station. The police refused to give them protection and it was PAS that came to their rescue.
“I want her family’s name linked with mine. I want my children to have the Bradford White lineage. I want her father’s money, societal standing, and public image. Eventually, I’ll inherit part of the family shipping business and law firm. And it goes without saying that Elizabeth is the most attractive woman I’ve ever known, albeit not the most compliant or cooperative, but I can get that out of her given enough private, physical persuasion.”
If what are deemed to be the negative passages from the Koran need to be contextualised and/or interpreted, according to some but certainly not all Muslims, then so too do the positive passages. (This never seems to happen.) For example, we are told that there are passages in the Koran that speak against suicide. Thus they must also speak against suicide bombers. But what if someone contextualises the passages about suicide and turns them into pro-suicide arguments (as the bombers do)?
and not the terrifying mall easter bunny.
I already have a favorite, and I’m really rooting for Dia Frampton. She looks shy and timid but wait ’til you see and hear her perform. So Superb!
“Why don’t you want to read it?” Mom kept asking. She seemed hurt about it.
“But whenever anyone turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away.
Programs and Recreation
PS: Congratulations to Rondah, the winner of Andrea Reh's very first giveaway!
I encourage you to go visit IndigoBlu.com. All stamps are on sale right now with their introductory pricing, but that won't last forever, and the designs are all wonderful! In addition to the introductory discount, the Head Honcho Alfie says
3.) Follow the cleansing -- of your face -- with one's favorite hydrating product. (Those of us who cannot live without our magic brush know how much more efficacious products are after we wash our faces with the help of our Clarisonics.)
FIRST LINE: “Late in the winter of my seventeenth year, my mother decided I was depressed, primarily because I rarely left the house, spent quite a lot of time in bed, read the same book over and over, ate infrequently, and devoted quite a bit of my abundant free time to thinking about death.”
Many of you have already noticed (and commented, thank you!) my new blog design. I absolutely LOVE it! I have to thank Cassie at Primitive & Proper for introducing me to Thais at House09. There are many blog designers out there, but Thais runs a full-service design studio specializing in websites, blogs, stationary and logos. She is incredibly talented...and better yet...insanely patient!!! She worked with me until everything was exactly how I wanted it (even when I didn't know what I wanted!), never once losing her cool (she is in Washington, however, so who knows what she was doing every time she received one of my heavily numbered emails!!)
Have a lovely Labor Day weekend, dears! Or, as I like to put it; Labor Day: the day that everyone takes off work. Because America makes sense like that.
I can’t post my normal Monday weekend photos because it was a bit of an epic fail weekend where no pictures were taken. One of those weekends where things don’t flow quite correctly and everything seems a bit off. Nothing horrible, just not great.
Last evening was a productive evening!
Oh wait…. I think I´ve forgotten something…. If I am to suppress the yearning for
There is a clear, direct message to not only hold our own light and space, but also that of humanity and earth in your hands. There is a symbolic theme of light, fire, and a harking back to creation and magic. Like a kind of ‘alchemic activation’, we are being drawn to do what feels natural to us and it is working on such a powerful etheric level. Sacred keys are being turned and tuned as divining forks, with secret symbols and coding to be revealed, dna to be activated, and the curtain preparing to draw open, like a grande theatre of the truth that exists in our hearts. And we are on the stage of earth waiting for the next Divine acts to unfold.
Happy Pig Day! by Mo Willems – Gerald and Piggie are so funny together! Piggie wants Gerald to help celebrate Pig Day, but when Gerald realizes he doesn’t share Piggie’s traits (a curly tail, a snout, the ability to oink) he feels left out. However, the day is saved – Piggie always knows how to include his best friend though. The adventures of Gerald and Piggie (complete with subtle lessons and beginning reader vocabulary) continue in other Elephant and Pig books by Willems. Recommended by Gretchen M.
332 (2)
In contrast, Chris is repressed and oppressed, unhappily married to a shrew (Rosalind Ivan) who he's never loved, who he married only out of a sense of desperate loneliness. When he's arguing with his wife about his paintings, he tells her, "I never saw a woman without any clothes," to which she huffily responds, "I should hope not," a perfect encapsulation of their sexless, miserable marriage. The film is full of moments like this; Dudley Nichols' screenplay crackles with clever dialogue and charged exchanges in which sex and violence are hidden within every line. The film is drenched in sex, its tension arising from the friction between the simmering repression of Chris and the over-ripe sensuality of Kitty. He asks to paint her and instead she reclines on the bed and sticks out her leg at him, stretching her foot out and telling him to paint her nails: "they'll be masterpieces." In another scene, Johnny wakes up after a drunken night and looks around the room, the camera panning over the scattered clothes and possessions of Kitty, strewn across the floor, the woman herself stepping out of an adjacent room in lingerie and an open robe.
in the old machinery!
Her Picket Fence and Tailors Chalk are classics in my book.
Holler and shout
I know that our chances of miscarriage are very small. I know that Little Life had a nice, strong heartbeat last Tuesday in the NT scan. That everything looked great.
To kill
It seems to be a strange way to run a business.
Name of your car? It doesn't have one. I don't think I've ever named a car.
Susan Cain’s book will come as a great relief to introverts. They will find themselves saying out loud, “Yes! Yes!” They will be filled with a sense of vindication: finally someone understands them, and, more importantly, someone values them. They will find an answer to a question they might have asked themselves:
Put these and 1.5 tablespoons of the Earl Grey tea into a small pot and add about 1 cup of water. Bring to simmer and turn off heat, add some milk and let steep until cool. You’ll only be using a 1/2 cup of this so you can drink the rest at this point–I say this because hopefully you like this kind of tea (otherwise not sure why you are making these cupcakes….).
In response to that post someone commented, “Brent, if your van is still having problems, then God may just give you the chance to make right your missed opportunity.” This got me thinking, “Yes, but what if the van is fixed for good and I never see this service agent again?” Certainly, I will trust the sovereignty of God to do what he sees fit. But is there more I can do? Wait… that’s right… the service agent gave me his business card before I left the dealership, which means I have his email and the dealership’s address. I don’t have to wonder if I’ll ever get an opportunity to make right my missed opportunity because I can just send him a personal “thank you” card and explain to him the power of the gospel that saved me and can save him.
I have another pretty sick student that has been out all week with Pneumonia! Three in my class are on antibiotics for Strep and now the 4th has Pneumonia. I think I'm going to have to start bleaching desks at the end of each day!!!
You have to go visit them...
While “Clutching Poochie” is both a story of spiritual triumph and historic significance, it also suggests a radically new way to deal with child sexual abuse: by allowing the stories to be told and celebrating the heroism, rather than the helplessness, of the victim.
Hello Lovelies, this week I have been lucky enough to get the half term off to spend relaxing with my boys. The weather has mostly been great .....sunny with blue skys and we have been making the most of our time off. There has been bike riding with lots of photo stops for me . .......
As always here at the Shelter we have a gift certificate up for grabs worth $20. It's yours if you are lucky enought to be chosen by Mr Random and have used a Paper Shelter Image. If you play with another brand you have the chance to win three digis of your choice. Not too bad that either. LoL
So, you know how some people will try and make small-breasted women feel less marginalised by saying that women of all shapes and sizes are just fine? Well fuck that shit. Radcliffe is here to deliver the message that he actually gets off on your small boobs and thinks the way you look makes you super-fuckable.
Their rum & raisin's good - huge raisins well-soaked in rum and creamy ice cream laced with rum too! Certainly enjoyed it! Peony tea was great too, but was overpowered by rum & raisin. Wouldnt choose this combi next time! Earl Grey's quite strong I'd say and Ferrero was average.
-”I’m not sure he will.”
Today is the day..... I'm leaving on a jet plane and headed to NYC. The marathon is on Sunday.... that's just 3 short days folks. If you are interested in traking my performance (eek) then you can go to the NYC marathon website and there are several options. One of which is an APP for your phone, and you can even track my EXACT where abouts-mile by mile, along the course. Awesomeness-
out of thin air into her fingers
How to shake them from their lethargy? Fear again. Tell them, as Obama repeatedly does, that Paul Ryan’s budget would cut Pell Grants by $1,000 each, if his domestic cuts were evenly distributed. (They are not evenly distributed, making the charge a fabrication. But a great applause line.)
But also for my sibbies
To learn more about Hosho McCreesh and see what other poetry and stories he has published, visit his web-site at:
As each day of my reunion brought new and exciting discoveries about the little girl I had always loved, but never knew, I feared I would lose track of all that I was learning. Initially, I tried to keep a journal of all my thoughts and encounters with Joanne, but had difficulty finding the time or even the desire to write, missing days at a time, and then attempting to catch up all in one sitting. It was just too much. My search efforts had left me drained. Maybe, it was all too reminiscent of the daily journal I kept during the months before and after Jackie’s illness and death. But, talking with Joanne via email was fun and I had saved all of our correspondence. Between Joanne’s emails and those from my birth mother groups, there was enough material to fill a dozen folders.
This morning she woke up bright and early and was just waiting. We always sing Happy Birthday to the bday kiddo right when they wake up. To be cruel, we didn't do anything. We just pretended like we had no idea what the day was. She was chomping at the bit, going nuts, waiting.
The film operates in a cheap, cinematic shorthand. Two attractive people spend five minutes together? Of course they’d fall in love. Sneaky brother finds out he’s adopted? Of course he’d turn evil. The film doesn’t want to do the necessary work of character development. It would rather shoot the camera through generic footage of stars. The characters don’t feel real. They don’t seem to eat, breathe, dream of naked harems or palaces of earthly delights.
Mr. Paul was able to stand on his feet, to my surprise, and he told me that one of his friends had recommended that he start walking more instead of using his wheelchair so much, so that his legs could get strong enough for him to not need his wheelchair; and he said that he had practiced walking with his cane or walker usually, and so that is why he was able to stand now, he said that his friend’s advice was working.
Showtimes are Fridays and Saturdays at 8pm and Sundays at 2pm, with one added 2pm performance on Saturday, May 19.
16/08 11:55 W 100 Metres Heats
ISBN-10: 0802723527
When you correctly say croquet,
I have to say that I thought this book was enjoyable. Mack and Madison, the hero and heroine, are both very likeable. He's more fun to read, but that's just a personal preference of mine. The erotic scenes between them are steamy, so if you're shying away from this book because you think it's typical Siren fare, don't. It's worth a look. And the introduction of the sport (or is it extreme sport) of kiteboarding is a fun change in the contemporary romance genre.
Now, for my project, I debated for WEEKS with myself about whether I should go with Thanksgiving or Halloween, and I settled on Halloween, because I LOVE Halloween gift projects. Doing these before Halloween is not my customary, procrastinat-y style, so I feel a lot more organized than I must have been feeling when I accidentally ordered a SECOND Mini Milk Carton Big Shot die!
This one is mislabeled as the final pool game. It's not. This is part of the first game vs. Minnesota Fats. If you haven't seen this movie or haven't seen it in a while, it's on Netflix. Great movie.
Set: Vampire Clan Living Room – The Elegant Goth /Designer- by Deja Letov
Natasha Diakides
You cannot fake out the body. Whoever invented the term “fake it til you make it” was just not nice. We deepen our illusion, our deadened vibration, anytime we attempt to pretend we are not feeling something within us.
Ap
Chariss has a power known as the geasa. In my fantasy writing, this is a gift the gods breathe into a soul after his or her conception, while the person is still forming in the womb. I designed this power for the “good guys” in the fantasy world of Onweald so they wouldn’t be using sorcery. I’m a Southern Baptist and I believe that you need to be pretty darn cautious about playing around with magic and sorcery—danger, Will Robinson—so I needed something “completely different” in my story. Now, you can argue that even the geasa sounds like magic (and I’ll agree), but I had to do something. I mean, this is fantasy. So the good guys like Chariss have the geasa and the bad guys get their “gift” of sorcery from the big bad evil Julette, an ancient goddess who has gone a little nuts with wanting to usurp her husband and son’s worshippers.
Needless to say, this apologetic specimen did not have us instantly on the phone ordering thousands more poorly-designed writing implements.
Well now a lone man in Toronto has started a campaign not to shut us down but in a way to shut us up.
* And last, but certainly not least, it always feels good to see that others enjoy your stuff, so please try and visit others and check out their projects :)
The closing date for entries is Friday 26th November, so you've got a bit of time to think about it.
As you sat without motion, atop your pen and paper loom
As you know I have been working on my crafts for the upcoming craft fair in November. I figure because it is in November I should have some nods to Christmas.
You can also just spoon these onto a cookie sheet but they came really perfect in this pan....
Her experience is not uncommon. As a writer, it’s hard to be objective of one’s own work. A fresh set of eyes—an experienced set of eyes—is always helpful.
today, i've been exploring mixed media painting techniques for customized background papers and i want to share some of them with you.
1) I went partially blind for about a month when I was 11. The doctors never found out what caused it.
My Scamp has been busy this year, improving body and mind. She's doing Qi Gong, tai chi, oil painting, water coloring, camera technique, and her regular bicycle workout. She also did the Thanksgiving dinner, which was just as good as Mother used to make (well, MY mother; I don't know about YOUR mother).
Facilitator: Kim Wildman is a published travel writer and guidebook author with more than 10 years experience freelancing for a variety of media outlets around the world. She has authored more than 15 guidebooks, including Lonely Planet and Bradt travel guides, and written scores of travel features for the likes of The Melbourne Age, The Sydney Morning Herald, Travel Africa, Voyageur and Ninemsn. When she's not continent-hopping, Kim runs travel writing workshops and mentors writers from her base in Bangalow. Recently voted one of Tripbase's 100 Favourite Travel Writers in the world, she also presents guest lectures on travel writing at universities and schools and speaks about her passion for the written road at international literary festivals and travel fairs. See her website for more details: www.wildwriting.com.au.
As others saw — I could not bring
My plan is to play around with this on some little items and make sure I know what I'm doing before I get serious about painting the french dining room suite. Should be fun!
NM: Thank you! Well, I’ve written another YA novel which may or may not find a publisher (It takes a few risks. And, although you’ll hear that the YA market is vibrant, it’s really only vibrant for paranormal romance and I can’t tell you how this is NOT paranormal or romance…) I’m planning two more Crabbit Publishing non-fiction titles, first the provisionally-titled Dear Agent. And I’m writing a novel for 9-11s (I love that age group) which I’ve started but which I’m finding incredibly hard. So I want to devote some time to that.
The month went from very busy to very very very slow. And all of that down time made me feel very down. I'm feeling much better now. Things are beginning to work themselves out. At least a bit. It's going to take some hard work on my part. And I'm excited to get my hands dirty in August.
This was more than a blog post. It was my first book review (published at the Huff Post as well), facilitated by Prof. Revkin who directed a review-request by Nation Books my way. “The Invisible Arab: The Promise and Peril of the Arab Revolutions” makes the case for the “invisible” forerunners of the revolution, those who never gave up the idea of a free Egypt: from labor activists, including women, to intellectuals and community organizers. The book was particularly helpful to understanding the commonalities as well as the tense differences between countries across the Arab World—and how those dynamics are played upon by Western interests.
Introducing You To The Pioneers
The "V" Word: Say it. Eat it. Live it.
This is based upon what I have given to society to date.
But wiser counsels prevailed. Sir Pelham Warner declared that, if Haig were allowed to put his plan into practice, “the future of the Empire itself would be at stake”. The rest is history. Attritional cricket – in its purest form – was first ruled “unsporting” by the MCC and then outlawed under the Geneva Convention.
Without a human rights framework, people become the objects of government policies and practices, rather than empowered, unique, and autonomous rights holders. Development practices designed with normative human rights standards in mind enable people living in poverty to be the subjects actively working their way out of poverty.
1. What is up with American’s not wanting to know what their coworkers think or believe, and then having a hissy fit when that belief goes against theirs on passionate issues? I can tell you that every day I have to listen to comments and language that I never want my kids to hear, much less myself. But if I speak out against it then I will not only be ostracized, but I would fall under the microscope to see how quickly I could be either put on a more “gentle” team or fired. I am a red-blooded American male and I don’t want to look at porn, talk about the different sexual positions someone had with a bar chick they met over the weekend, or hear the f-word used as a noun, adjective, and adverb constantly throughout my day. I am not going to interject my beliefs into the system unless asked directly about it, but I will pose counter points to the craziness that I hear.
“They’re our allies, love; you shouldn’t stare. No wait, Night Elves wouldn’t here yet, so stop imagining things and eat your lunch!”
gathering up my Visa card bill, my Pennysaver coupons,
The cheescloth idea just popped up, so I went with that too. Although wrapping it in cheesecloth didn't come until the end. But I'm glad it did, because to me, that part really makes this piece, really makes it different and original, and makes it one of my favorite pieces. If I can feel that my artwork is totally original, totally my own, that makes me feel very good.
-- New York gets its first FM rock music station in 1966 -- WOR-FM. While I doubt this fact makes the show, expect a soundtrack heavily laced with sweat and reverb. (Or perhaps, laced with something more tangible?)
So without further ado,
*** Sweet, lemony, and slightly sticky. Good stuff. I expect it will make an excellent breakfast.
Working on these documentaries should be rewarding in many ways.
We've all lived in this valley, and known that there was something unnatural about the position of power the football program was allowed. It was a snowball rolling down the slope of our acquiescence, and it was bound to hurt someone downslope, in some way or fashion. It could have been petty corruption, as at Ohio State, or student misbehavior, but for our sins, it was something worse. They're painting over murals downtown and bringing in retired FBI bureaucrats to whitewash the less tangible things, but it's all the same - a twisting away from an ugly set of facts, and a disinclination to see how far the rot has gone.
Previously these groups had carried out a ‘coffin protest’ against Lim’s political secretary and Komtar assemblyman Ng Wei Aik.
Acorn, butternut, spaghetti and kabocha squash, .27/lb. at Newflower (through 12/22/10)
c) "Internationally filed Applications", i.e., applications that were filed with both the JPO and at least one foreign IP Office
My name is Aulus Cornelius and on the day before the last flames of the dying republic flickered back into life again, I was sitting in my small, but pleasing garden, watching the light from the brazier quiver and then disappear. I felt my eyes begin to grow sleepy and then gradually close, the papers I had been reading earlier lying forgotten and forlorn on the dewy grass...
Even when you get used to the small quarters, you still have to learn how to deal with the noises and burps that emanate from those who have cubicles across, behind, next to and catty-cornered to yours. Just like there are common courtesies between neighbors who live next door to you, whether you’re in an apartment, condo, duplex, or single-family home, there are some considerations that must be given to the people who must work in a cubicle nearby.
Primitives Crash UK
Start with Warm Brown: Bottom
XL: “No doubt, no doubt. It’s such a powerful tool nowadays. It’s pretty much the reason why Xtatic Line blew up like it did in such a short period of time, I launched and presented the project online and it just spread like wildfire. It was truly unbelievable. It’s also the reason why I’m releasing “Re:Dawn”, because of that interaction with the fans. I do listen and look at what people are saying or requesting, I truly value my fans and what they have to say.”
Then we thought, Let`s visit Filomena at the Portuguese Catholic Mission. She is the one who always supplied me with Portuguese school books for my Mozambique children, and we have really become good friends. When I surprised her, she and another friend said, You are coming just right! We are looking at the 600 photos we took on our last trip to Mozambique, of the school and the children whom we support and visited last month! So we stayed for 1 1/2 hours, had tea, chatting, and in the end got more books!
Politics of Place is supported by ECLIPSE (the Exeter Centre for Literatures of Identity, Place, Sustainability, and the Environment), which is based in the Department of English at the University of Exeter’s Cornwall Campus – internationally recognized for its leading research in this field.
Bake 8 to 10 minutes or until bottoms of cookies just begin to brown lightly. Immediately press 1 milk chocolate candy into top of each cookie.
Tangled in lies,the entertwining of minds; break these walls that I’m trapped within;
I’m not done yet with the appetizers and the ideas for snacks. In fact, since I’m in Morocco these days, I’m enjoying the freshly made brik sheets which are a healthier option than other types of wrapping.
And actually the most impressive garden on the grounds is the one Michelle Obama planted on the south part of the property looking toward the Washington Monument. That’s growing very nicely, and will keep the first family in veggies through the season.
As in His living and burning wrath.
Beef Stew
You can also gain an extra entry by commenting that you follow Aspiring New Mom's via Google +. Gain a possible four more entries by sharing this Gigi New York post via e-mail, Blogger, Twitter, and/or Facebook!
From the outside, it looks like a single school, with one main door, one security guard, one principal greeting students.
Time enough to
Olive Oil Test Results: There was not much difference between the sealed and unsealed sides. If anything, the stain may have been a bit darker after 30 minutes on the sealed side, but that could have just been the colour variation in the granite.
Laurie got hungry, and I was craving Panera since I haven’t been able to have it! So we went. She ordered the turkey artichoke panini. And I of course ordered a salad. I ordered the Meditteranean Salmon salad. I love this salad. Ever since it came out, whenever I go there I order this with a slice of whole grain bread on the side.
O woe is me to gaze upon such things. gods in the twilight
Driving through the state next to the one in which we live, we did some meandering. We stopped for fireworks and snacks, we stopped so the teenagers could take pictures in a field, we stopped at a flea market. Turning into the parking lot of the flea market, we passed a field full of groundhogs, who were remarkably undisturbed when MC got out of the car to photograph them. At the flea market itself, we had the chance to hold puppies and browse.
credit: mickyfan
He is taken down and buried in a grave marked
Cooking and crafting are creative endeavours to start with, but working within a frugal budget has forced me to view some things differently, to stretch the boundaries of my imagination, to come up with news ways of doing something or using something. It’s done wonders for me a as a person, and I can’t imagine living any other way.
c:
Solution: Having potatoes will do the trick!! Bananas, cottage cheese, humus or rice (brown or white) are also good. According to researchers, giving in to this craving will squash it in 10 minutes and keep it at bay for up to eight hours straight! So have the potatoes!!
With ITV dying on its arse as we all click series record on our Freeview recorder boxes and skip through the adverts it’s no surprise that commercial TV needs to find in-programme advertising revenue, but why exclude booze?
Jesus died on the cross to take your place and to grant you His righteousness. Now, we have the fullness of Christ and it is only through commune and relationship with him that we have the ability to walk with Him.
Kanika, a resident of Elk Grove, took up art later in life as a means of exploring her heritage. "In the 1970s, when I was in my 20s, I was searching for my identity," Kanika said. "I'm very fair-skinned, so I didn't fit well into either the black or white cultures." At about that time, Kanika read Alex Haley's epic novel "Roots," which told the story of Haley's African and African-American ancestors.
I just love the masked off look with sponging! Heather was the first stamper I saw do this, and she has really started a trend! It is everywhere. I used my hexagon cutters and sponged on the inside. I removed the cutter, masked the shape with post-its, and stamped the silhouette image from Stamp School's Flowers for Mom and used the sympathy from Christian Sympathy, also from Stamp School.
We got to a trail intersection and swung to the path on the right, trotted down the trail to another intersection. There was a little trail that shoots the right, goes down a small slope and straight out to the picnic area where I planned to turn around. I used to gallop Cruiser on this trail. Since I wasn’t quite as confident with cantering Cole (yet) I trotted down the slope. When I hit the bottom, the old Judi came out, again. I whispered, “Canter” and we flew down the trail—not slowing down for the dog walker as he pulled his dog off the trail with seconds to spare. Cole didn’t know he was supposed to either turn where the trail turned or stop at the picnic area, so we did go a few feet into the grass, but then he stopped.
And what are Soubise Onions I hear you cry? They were exquisite! We were told they were lightly pickled onions that were then puréed to concentrate the flavour. Looked a bit grey smeared on the plate the sweet and sour explosion in the mouth was gorgeous.
It's sometimes nice to just let the pretty paper do the work for you. I will remember these ideas when I am pressed for time. I think I would definitely round all the edges on this one if I recreate it, though.
That's probably a good thing since I'll be sipping wine while I paint!
Lately I've been asking myself number one a lot. What needs to happen? I like the other suggestions, especially the scribble version. I'm going to try that. Maybe it will help me get over the hump and finally write that dragon scene I've been putting off for far too long.
I bought it on the QutieLand Website. I've heard that QutieLand is a good shipping service site, but that it's a little bit expensive. I've never tried any other shipping service yet so I can't really tell the difference. I live in Canada and their shipping fee is almost always around $30. I've paid the JSK about $88, which is so cheap compared to the original, but they do warn us that the quality might not be very great.
Madeline Zima ... Lily
Here is one of those cool brothas, a house head and dancer extraordinaire. I've seen him at various spots across the city and across the years, always accompanied by house music and i dont even know his name. Good shot though, lotta twisting and turning frozen in time.
I love barbecue in (almost) all its forms. For some reason, I don't like brisket at all. I could eat pulled pork all day long. Or mmmm barbecue chicken. Even Sloppy Joe's. The only problem is the ingredients. I've talked a lot before about how I care about what I put into my body. Have you ever taken a look at the ingredients on a bottle of barbecue sauce? Yikes, it’s a mile long, and I can’t pronounce most of them. And the healthy or organic barbecue sauces get expensive, so I got the easy route instead.
At 1300 there is the call for all professional crew to put on the appropriate attire as we cross our last border of our circumnavigation. It is a sad time to look at the professional crew and realise that this is probably the last time I will see them in their bad taste shirts, then I realise that in actual fact I will probably see them wearing them all again in two nights time in Eden’s local tavern. But it is sad to know that it is our last border crossing after having gone through the tradition eight times over the last thirteen months.
With graduation season right around the corner, Nancy has whipped up a fun set to help you out with not only your graduation cards and gifts, but any occasion that brings on a change in one's life. I stamped the images in Memento Tuxedo Black and cut them out with circle Nestabilities. I embossed the kraft and red cardstock with TE's new Stars Impressions Plate, which is double sided and gives you 2 fantastic patterns. You can see how to use the Impressions Plates in this tutorial Taylor created. Just one pass through your die cut machine using the Embossing Pad Kit is all you need to do - super easy!
And since the goal of the whole re-do was to set the place up as a vacation rental, we worked in both a queen-sized bed and a twin-sized bed into this room.
When I sit down to write out my next new amazing blog post, I want it to be right. That's the way I am with most things in my life. I don't half ass anything. Because I do that, it prevents me from doing a lot of things that I want to do. Example, writing a blog post every other day.
The campaigns against alcohol and tobacco are two fronts in the same war
Pause with the infrared remote is good too, but it uses Girder which can be weird with 2 copies. But really cool for comparing 2 songs to each other. One is paused, other isn’t. Push button and the status inverts. Excellent way to hear which version of the mp3 is better.
And like a tumultuous wave, the ecstasy will pull me under
The EWMD Asia-Pacific is the Asian chapter of EWMD International, the European Womens’ Management Development Network (www.ewmd.org) We are a registered non-profit society to support networking and exchange among professionals.
Place brown sugar in medium saucepan. Place on medium heat, whisk away any big chunks.
The Selinger government sees the new law as a signal Manitoba is declaring it will not tolerate sex and labour rings operating within provincial boundaries.
Yesterday was a long, but productive, day as I met with almost all of my parents. I wanted to share the conference form I use that is pretty quick and easy to write.
During the time of his enslavement after Jefferson's death he secretly pursued his education, despite his master's declaration that he'd get a whipping if he was ever seen with a book. Peter didn't keep his desire to learn entirely to himself, however. He remembered, "All the time I was teaching all the people around me to read and write."
The ECL guarantees that every form of energy that we give will never vanish. Nature guarantees that the value of energy that we yield equals to the value of energy we give.
“Odd,’ he said. ‘Very odd. How do you account for young Bingo carrying on like this?’
There are many wonderful “weeds” that we can find easily in most yards, gardens, fields or roadsides that are actually very helpful, nutritious plants. A few of our family favorites are, wild violet, dandelion, horse radish, mullein, plantain and chickweed.
In the novels, Dexter is not the only one with the DP and the DPs can sense one another. This means that Dexter can often pick out a killer in a crowd and that others, however unconscious of the DP, can sense the darkness and Dexter. This is why Novel Sgt. Doakes (Albert in the novels) senses that Dexter is a killer without any proof. And this is also how Dexter determines the Novel Cody and Astor are serial killers in the making.
Let's paint a picture shall we? Imagine... your sporting a rocking hot outfit and getting ready to head out on the town. You know exactly which shoes you want to complete your outfit, however.... whomp whomp, you can't find them! Urg, now your late. And once you do find them, they were under a pile of school books, sippy cups or piles of clothes that need to be washed, meaning, they are bent and deformed and looking a little shabby. More whomp sound effects welcome. Not a happy story. But it's definitely one that can be avoided!
“Fidelity to our regiment in which we fight for Him—strenuous loyalty to the local church and denomination with which each society is connected.
I finally got to the second half of our summer trip in Texas. After that I will move onto our time in Tokyo and then a few posts about Bali. It’s taking a while for me to catch up with the posts from our vacation and it’s not easy! I can’t wait to start writing about Jakarta again! I would like to thank those who have left me with comments in June and July during my vacation. Thank you so much for your comments!! I always read your comments and they mean a lot to me. I am sorry that I don’t always have the time to write you back, but I treasure each one of your comment!
Father, I do ask Your guidance and anointing on all of today’s activities. I pray that Your will would be done in every detail, and that we would rejoice to be obedient to You. May we worship in spirit and in truth and rejoice to fellowship with one another and with Your Holy Spirit, for Your glory. Thank You. Praise God!
12. No one has ever produced a clip of Ron Paul speaking anything close to the condemnable words in the newsletter, even though he’s been speaking publicly for more than 30 years.
So yes all I really listen to right now is the Spring Awakening music and it is wonderful. Now since I wrote all about Spring Awakening in my Writer's block unblocked post I am going to be done for now so...
Ego: The Fall of the Twin Towers and the Rise of an Enlightened Humanity by Peter Baumann and Michael W. Taft is the first book to explore the positive evolutionary potential hidden in one of the most destructive events in history. In their examination of the evolutionary implications of 9/11 and its aftermath, the authors contend we are not falling into the grip of a new dark age at all, rather we are on the verge of a much brighter one as the Darwinian process of natural selection continues to advance humankind.
Finding the source of the plague isn’t Celia’s only concern. Her alcoholic mother has broken out of prison on the Sirens’ island; her little sister’s ghost has possessed a young girl; and one of Celia’s boyfriends, a powerful mage, has disappeared.
160 ml Peanut Oil (100 ml Olive Oil recommended by author)
Being a Southern girl, she loves to entertain ...
"We are not trained as you are, by a single teacher." Taslin paused, glanced into the flames. "Different specialists each teach their particular subject. During training I would usually study with a different teacher each day, in a rotation."
“You can’t bring that word in!”
Good luck to those students currently applying for Google Summer of Code!
Hey there! Let me start off by thanking all of you that follow my blog. I really appreciate it! I love to hear from you and enjoy your comments and emails. Thank you so much for taking time from your day to share a bit of it with me!!
Light bodied--too light for a German pils. Nice and crisp, but a little more dull than a Czech Rebel. A little more watered down. Good beer for what it is, but not a great beer for the style.
As this is a serious disorder, I wanted to give my readers a list of the warning signs. Please share these with your friends and family so that you can promote the awareness of sleepblogging. Together we can make a difference!
Voici le tutoriel de la semaine. Je vous ai préparé une carte avec une belle fleur à motifs superposés (photos à la fin de ce billet).
As you know, because I tell you everything, I'm weaning my way off my beloved sleeping pills, trying to use them only when I have insomnia. My insurance company, my doctor and I all think this is a good idea.
Seize your moment today and take the time to reflect.
Thought to print up a broadsheet of his scheming
His eyes sparkled as he ran his fingers over the naked cold body of the beautiful woman lying on the slab in front of him. He always treated them lovingly, gently. He was in no hurry. He was the only attendant on duty and the world of the dead was his.
“But if you like red…”
Mr. President, I’m not reassured. On this one I need to watch my own back.
Anyhow, the food at their Cafe was excellent. The service was wonderful and it's at a great location. If you are thinking of having a welcome dinner or a rehearsal dinner on the south side of Mau`i, you should definitely consider the Tommy Bahama Cafe. Or even if you want to do just a bridal party luncheon, it will be a great spot for that as well.
We occasionally get a card or some little thing sent to us by guests/new friends.
$71880
And as for the CRAZY chaos in my living space...my dear friend, Shari (aka the librarian), lent me the book Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui by Karen Kingston.
And there was always snow at Christmas. Always. The snow gods smiled at us then. Here's hoping they smile so again.
We in the UK, of course, have already had Mothers' Day, but that doesn't mean we can't make another little something for her, does it?
I love this skirt, even though it is a tad too big. I usually wear something over it, instead of tucked in. Versatile because of the mix of colors. Looks nice with red, grey and even tan.
School children crowding on the boat I am guessing they school in Split or are they on a field trip. So the morning calm is broken. Bloody kids! He he: give them mogandon!
Up top of the picture we have chocolate fudge, which was both chocolatey and fudgey, but those balls at the bottom …
Kurosagi
At this moment of time there was hardly anyone left who believed in the official version legitimating the foreign intervention. UN-resolution 1973 from the 17th of March 2011 empowered a coalition of willing states around NATO to intervene militarily in a regional uprising to build a shelter over the civic population, to protect civilians. The opposite was the case. In these eight months NATO flew 9600 sorties causing an innumerable figure of deaths, both soldiers and civilians. Regional uprising thereby accelerated towards a civil war. The aim of the NATO-intervention did not even respect the text of UN-resolutions 1973 and 1970.
Over 30 million people in the UK now use Facebook as a way of sharing their lives with friends. But as our attitude towards social networking relaxes, it’s easy to forget the comments we post can have serious consequences.
Modcloth.com version: $50 on an impulse buy.
Sky filled, sky reflected or however you choose to show us your sky! Do you love clouds? Do you love those shots of birds on a wire? Have you ever wished on a star? Have you found the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow? Does the night sky send you over the moon? Have you seen some beautiful blue peeking through a lovely tree or some pretty flowers? Do you love "the blue hour"? Are you a fanatic about flare?
No fear of letting go
The prohibitionists already have a foot in the door and minimum pricing wedges it open further. It is no means certain that it will be to the advantage of pub drinkers and pubs as Mudgie points out. CAMRA as an organisation needs to think again.
I and my two oldest brothers grieved and had our suspicions and I personally waited and looked for him for many months, just knowing without doubt he would return any day; he'd just wandered off and couldn't find his way home but he would soon, I felt sure. We even suspicioned Old Man Stanton had killed him and threw him into their outside toilet; once sneaking up and looking into the cesspit. No Curly there. He never did return though and the loss is actually still with me, sunk deeply into the core of my psyche.
~~~~Theme song from All In The Family
I realized that without even meaning to, I'd sort of decided that I wanted to be David Levithan.
This is a change of pace for Obama who stated back during the 2008 elections that he was opposed to same-sex marriage, but was down with civil unions as a viable alternative.
In actual fact, the instruction to return to more literal translations of the term pro multis used in the Latin edition of the Roman Missal - in accordance, on this point, with the majority of anaphoras used in the Eastern Churches – cannot be written off as a literalism or liturgical fixity. And it does not intend in itself to reduce the universal reach of Christ’s promises. Already the letter signed in 2006 by Cardinal Arinze categorically denied the insinuations of those who in recent years have actually raised doubts regarding the validity of masses celebrated using the for all formula. According to the Nigerian cardinal, the expression for many is to be preferred because “it is open to the inclusion of every single human being , whilst at the same time reflecting the fact that this salvation is not complete in an almost mechanic way, without one’s own will or participation.”
* Finding out information from an Encyclopedia
Bloody Bastard Ale
Here, let me slap you around a little bit. And then I’ll tell you I love you.
Golden Dawn’s manifesto is less benevolent than the good-neighbor image its food drive has helped to cultivate. Illegal immigrants must be immediately arrested and deported, and legal immigrants eventually expelled as well, the group says.
It won’t do you any good to go to that show grumpy, or to list that piece of jewelry without a loving description or effort.
1 Kings 18:21 Elijah came near to all the people and said, “How long will you hesitate between two opinions? If the LORD is God, follow Him; but if Baal, follow him.” But the people did not answer him a word.
But SURELY there'd be some quick fix or advice on the Apple website, right?
With POD and e-books, everybody can have it any way they want.
Of the 394 restevek children they were advocating for before the earthquake, they managed to locate 283 — 7 perished in a collapsed school, 54 moved to a different location, and 50 simply couldn’t be found, despite a herculean effort to hunt down every clue and reconnect with the missing children in towns and villages throughout Haiti.
Keane apparently tried to take a photograph of an officer's name badge and he allegedly pushed her, after which she apparently slapped him.
I've already mentioned "Breaking the Law", and where would we be without it? The vocal patterns are so pristine that they truly feel as if they've been engraved into the razor blade on the cover along with the logo and album title. The melodic lead-in guitar pattern is a thing of legend, learned by hundreds of thousands of aspiring six-stringers, and the chugging aggression of the chorus is enough to start a riot in any crowd of inebriated or even sober witnesses. Not to mention the atmosphere on the vocals, and the fact that the whole tune clocks in at around 2 and a half minutes. Concise and mother fucking immortal. "Living After Midnight" is the other giant in the room, with its party rock guitars and chorus that might just as well have been attributed to KISS or the Rolling Stones; but then you've got this 'second string' of semi-legendary tracks that have become regulars in the band's set list throughout the decades. The forceful, airy power metal staple "Rapid Fire" which has been emulated to precision in hundreds of cases; the mid-paced stadium anthem "Metal Gods" with its burly chords and laconic but hooky chorus; the dark grooves of "Grinder" and highway ready "Steeler", both of which would spawn bands using the titles as monikers (as other Priest songs had done in the past).
Sworn Serbian enemy, Del Pontae describes Kosovo & Metohia province under the NATO rule as a land with no laws and institutions, the land of blood feuds ruled by the thugs who present themselves as heroes of the alleged "suffering Albanian people". She claims that U.N.M.I.K and kay-for officials, and even some ICTY judges in the Hague tribunal are fearful for their lives if connected to the K.L.A crime investigations, and feel threatened by the so-called "Albanian reach"!
You’ll never know the depths of me,
“Maybe you’re desensitized? Too many violent video games.”
"I am not this religious person who believes that some intervention will come from heaven. I have looked at the trends. I have listened to the speeches. They are all pointing in one direction," he was quoted as saying.
You are also very polite when you get a compliment (and you get lots of compliments). If someone tells you that they like your hair, or your outfit, or that you look SO pretty, you always smile and say "Thank you!"
Remember, less is more! It is always possible to re-glue, but too much glue looks horrid and you will get into a sticky mess. Always clean any glue off the tips of the tweezers regularly.
Maverick House has published more than sixty Irish and international authors since they began in 2002. And they are certainly like no other Irish publisher I have ever come across before in Ireland. Their remit is broad and bold, and that is the way it should be for any publisher with a modicum of ambition. It is only a pity Maverick House could not transfer this to a fiction list, then we might have our own native version of an independent fiction publisher like a Granta, Canongate, Soho or Snowbooks. At the moment, the closest to this type of independent publisher on Irish shores is Stinging Fly Press. But as Harrington in her article for Irish Publishing News suggests, the Irish reader has some responsibility to take in all of this too, they can be equally parochial in their preferences for books.
with our anniversary only a few months away... I know exactly what we both need...
IF they truly represent your interests, then they should do that, NOW!
1-800-743-5382
7. You start identifying your team’s limitations and strengths, in terms of what they can do or won’t do and why. You extend this concept to yourself as well.
The losing trio of tracks under the umbrella title of ‘Till Life Do Us Part continue the deep enjoyment. Parallel Worlds starts the trilogy bringing more of the unique and impressive sounds already graining the album whilst the closing Until the End takes one on a thirteen minute blissful journey of pure progressive pleasure, but it is the linking middle hypnotic instrumental Alive or Dead which hits the loftiest heights. It is immense and the declaration of this being a band that can induce rapture by music alone.
Conspicuous by their absence, though, was the small group of hardcore Islamists whose 2009 protest against soldiers returning to Luton from Afghanistan had caused so much anger across the town.
And wings on your back that you snapped off an angel you robbed
Starting in 1994, the IRS allows up to a 50% deduction on entertainment expenses. Good documentation of these expenses is required in order for the IRS to consider these deductions. Remember that the business meal must be arranged with the purpose of conducting specific business. Bon appetite!
She is not the only free thinker in the store. I can’t tell you how many ice cream recipes we’ve canned or added because “the crew” of my 15 to 20 year olds thought it was time for a change. And they were right!
Gone but not forgotten. The following is a list of classmates no longer with us.. but left forever in our memories, thoughts, and hearts. May their lives have touched someone – - in such a way – - they made a ‘difference’.
Fruit pits and seeds–cause breathing issues, seizures, and coma
Cut up ham from a previous night
Advance warning: True to form, this turned into a lengthy post with lots of blah-blah-blah, yet I can't bring myself to make any more cuts. So if you want to hear the whole nerd-tastic spiel, then read on, but if you just want to get to the photos, you should scroll down.
Now, as seventeen-year-old Princess Alera of Hytanica is besieged from all sides by suitors vying for the Throne, a teenage Cokyrian boy, Narian, is encountered within the walls of her Kingdom, a boy who will show Alera a world where women serve a purpose and not just a husband. As Narian helps Alera find her voice, she struggles against an arranged marriage that will shatter the life she has scarcely begun to live. And when Narian’s shocking past is uncovered, and war with Cokyri looms once more, he must fight to defy a fate ordained at his birth.
a cool shower after a long day on the lake
One of the guys on our church softball team had invited me to a lift-a-thon at the Work Out Center, a fitness establishment in Columbiana, OH. It was a fund-raiser for a young woman named Chelsi Figley, whom I hadn’t met. She was born with Spina Bifida and has never had the use of her legs. So she uses her arms – and she uses them a lot. The event at the Work Out Center was to raise money for Chelsi to attend the 2010 International Paralympic Committee (IPC) Powerlifting World Championship in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
the random knowledge of the supernatural in that film too! Sad thing is, I actually think this movie is a step down compared to her last stint as a poorly written racial stereotype…in that movie, at least it made sense, being in the Louisiana swamps. This time it’s just ‘hey! We need a cheap way to shoehorn in bullshit explanations for the supernatural stuff in the movie; go hire a black actress!’
I'm very excited to announce that I have five pairs of tickets to London's Fashion Week to giveaway courtesy of Lavazza the official sponsor of LFW. Please read the information below and make sure you read the terms and conditions - some of these tickets will be for during the week so you need to be able to take time off work. For this reason this competition will only be open until midnight on Sunday 12th February.
Drizzle with melted white chocolate.
That's one hefty wee crossbow, there. And one big old dress. Who can shoot in that thing?? Well, Ismae, for one. Though many covers have no bearing whatsoever on the story inside of them, this whole dress-crossbow scene is actually in the book. Woot!
5. “I Put A Spell On You” featuring Joss Stone
My Pinterest obsession continues. Out of either boredom or a tiny bit of spare time this past week, I've been Pinning like crazy.
having or showing great strength, strong feeling, or tension, as a person, the face, or language.
the earth
I used paper( I've been aching to use) from K&Company, Teal Flower and Letter. I used and image I bought at Mystic paper that comes 8x11 with 10 more images. I distress with Tim Holtz walnut ink and used ribbon and flower with burlap from Jolee's Boutique.
So I've decided to try something out. I'm going to designate one night a week, Monday through Friday, to five different books that I've already begun but have yet to finish. I usually read before I go to sleep at night, so I think this could work.
Mary: What is the hardest part of writing for you?
As a spin on the usual brunch menu, I made us a Mexican Sunday Brunch. A spicy Mexican tofu scramble with black beans, green chiles and cilantro. Eat it on its own or make a Mexican tofu scramble taco with charred corn tortillas.
Emerita (Emy) De La Pena, 32, New York, N.Y.
This sweater had an interesting color palette of blacks, browns and oranges. Colors I normally wouldn't put together but I liked it. It was just a basic cardigan but very well made, and had cute buttons on it. I just wasn't sold on it, and the sleeves of the sweater were way too long for my arms!
Stole: vintage
Cardi: Lands End
I haven't made a meal plan in eons and that is horrible because most days 6:40pm comes around, Matt gets home and I get the million dollar question "So...what's for dinner?" My answer is usually the same: "What do you want?" This does not normally translate into "I'll make whatever you want" but more likely into "Not a clue, can you just go to Burger King and get something?" So yes, meal plans are really essential around here especially considering I am still trying to lose weight, I'm only halfway there.
It's me Linda and I am hosting this week....
So… this is almost like telling people we’re having another baby!
But back to the chase metaphor. Yes, on one level men hunt for women, but it's like describing the Champs-Élysées as a Parisian street. A street takes you somewhere. A French avenue is for strolling. One takes one's time, checking out the boutiques, being surprised by what one finds along the way. Waiting for just the right moment to steal a kiss. Waiting for her to tell you by her actions when she wants a kiss.
Meanwhile back to Cous Cous
The next few pictures were taken at a roadside truck stop. I don’t know about you, but I generally think of truck stops as kind of gross and shady – not in Greece. They were very well-cared for and had the most amazing, drool-worthy collection of baked goods:
Save up to 37% off your Disney resort.
The pace picked up, the world was a blur,
The things of which I am certain are the pale pink wall color (please, Mr. Sugarplum?!), orb chandelier (sitting in a box in my guest room), ikat fabric for drapes (found for a steal at Hancocks last year), gold lamps with black shades, tufted chairs and wall decor. I think. Things always could change. Where I need you is helping me to choose the rug! I decided on the geometric chevron pattern because I think it's a nice juxtaposition to the large floral rug in the adjacent Living Room. And these rooms could use a dose of modern contemporary.
They own the right to the natural biological function we call birth.
Right now, Broadmore is working full time on the Grordbort world, and he couldn't be more thrilled about that. But that doesn't prevent him from dreaming of other, weirder projects that mash history up with the future. "I really want to do a series showing New Zealand sort of reclaimed by nature, and in among the jungle foliage, you'd see dinosaurs wandering around next to old World War I equipment that's rusting away. And maybe I'd put some Atari computers in there too. All of those seem like ancient things to me that sort of belong together." Dinosaurs, tanks, and Ataris in the New Zealand jungle? Sign me up for one of those paintings, please.
After all that, D came out of school well, bounding into me, hair still wet from swimming. She was far more interested in getting home than discussing her day so I’m presuming no “boy who picks on her” issues.
It’s part empathy and part self-serving fear. Part anticipation and part anxiety. It has the potential to paralyze if it’s invited in to stay for too long.
Thank you, Abba, that you teach us who we are in you. I pray that even when the circumstances suggest otherwise, or we don’t feel like your word is truth, we would CHOOSE to walk in who you say we are. And I praise you that who we are to you is beautiful! That we are beautiful amidst the brokenness…because you say we are. Thank you that we are in the process. That our journey is all about the process. Thank you for walking with us through it all. You are such a good, gracious God. We love you.
“Just because I said, ‘I’m a fish’ does that make me a fish?” I asked. They all shook their heads no. “So,” I continued, “the same applies to you cleaning your rooms. Just because you say ‘I will’ or ‘okay’ doesn’t mean you’ll do it”. At this point they looked intrigued. “So don’t tell me anymore that you will or agree with me the fact you need to do it. Simply clean your room, SHOW me you’re serious”.
Carl is cool.
- Craft a spa atmosphere in a teeny-tiny bathroom
Now, we turn to Roxy who is still getting used to this FRG leader position when she is asked by Trevor to talk to one of his soldier’s wife. They have been married for only 3 weeks and she has always lived in New York and this is her first time out of the city. That is a big change from New York City to Charleston, South Carolina. Roxy tries to talk to her but Gloria isn’t having any of it. Roxy even calls her a “bitch on wheels” when she tells Trevor she couldn’t get through to her.
Spring, at my house on Beaver Island, is a busy time.
Deutsche Bank filed a motion for summary judgment arguing that, as mortgagee, it had the right to accelerate upon Osorto’s default and that enforcing the note would not affect the rights of other bona fide lenders or purchasers. A summary judgment hearing was held and, at the hearing, Deutsche Bank presented to the court the original note bearing a blank endorsement, along with the mortgage. The trial court entered final judgment of foreclosure, requiring full payment of the principal amount plus interest and costs. In the alternative, if the amounts were not paid, public sale would take place on March 22, 2011. After filing a motion for rehearing, but before a trial court ruling on the motion, Osorto filed this appeal.
So I sit here once again to give a voice to someone who felt that they had no right to a voice. Everyone has a right to a voice it is what you do with that voice and who you lift with that voice that counts.
My friend Tannya brought me a whole gallon-sized ziplock bag full of her yummy, homemade tamales a few years ago when we brought a new baby home from the hospital. If memory serves, I ate several at lunch and dinner every day until they were gone, and I'm positive I did not share them with anyone!
“The shaded area contains the decades we are studying 1960-2010, when the percentage of nonmarital births rose steeply throughout. But before that, hardly anything had changed since the first numbers were collected in 1917. Studies of the white family in earlier eras indicate that the line hugging the bottom of the graph 1917 to 1960 would have been flat all the way back to the Revolution. White children were conceived outside marriage at varying rates in different social classes, but hardly ever born outside marriage in any class.”
6 Just Remember (You're the Only One) 4:35
I needed to fill this empty space I
At every one of my shows, I speak about equality. I have a song I
In the time since my conversion I’ve known moments of deep, even suicidal, despair. I’ve known moments – and sometimes months – of anger that threatens to consume me. As I said, these have been themes to my Christian life. But they are not the only themes. So it is that I’ve also known love, which is the deepest magic of all. I’ve known my wife of three months, my parents, and my Benne brothers. I’ve known places of safety, peace, joy, and hope. These stand with – and against – the places of betrayal, mistrust, suspicion and hostility. Despair and joy have existed simultaneously as the chief themes of my Christian life. (And frankly, I suspect that any Christian who cannot relate to this is either, as Westley memorably put it in Princess Bride, lying or selling something.) That’s how the first ten years have gone. I don’t anticipate the years to follow being much different. I will wander in and out of the Dark Wood of Error, into and out of heaven, but seldom in anything like a progressive order. So goes the Christian life.
Stylists:
But notice that obedience to the commands of Jesus is not a burden but brings joy. It requires effort to remain in the commands of Jesus just as it requires a great deal of effort to remain in his love by loving one another. He told us these things so that our joy would be complete. So even our completed joy is tied tightly to our obedience to Christ and to our love for Christ and to our love for one another. How can we be in Christ apart from our willingness to obey?
Can we trust this process, coming from a board with no electoral oversight? (Chaired by a man who famously says one thing and does another?)
Arbitrary violence is nothing new. The apparently systematic use of sexual assault against women protestors is new. I’m not aware of any reports of police intentionally grabbing women’s breasts before March 17, but on March 17 there were numerous reported cases, and in later nightly evictions from Union Square, the practice became so systematic that at least one woman told me her breasts were grabbed by five different police officers on a single night (in one case, while another one was blowing kisses.) The tactic appeared so abruptly, is so obviously a violation of any sort of police protocol or standard of legality, that it is hard to imagine it is anything but an intentional policy.
I fear that I won't ever feel adequate enough. I know, that's another issue. I have to love myself no matter what what but my big problem is perfectionism and with that comes comparing myself to others. It's hard when I see my friends and cousins, etc. building homes and families for themselves or advancing in an already established career.
A quintessentially swaggering 19th-century English novel, thrillingly attentive to a sweep of diverse characters, and impossible to put down.
The flush of endorphins.
The answer to this titled question is also one of the Ten Ways to Safeguard your Child from Sexual Abuse, which is a series or teaching that I take with me to campuses, churches, ministry groups and collectives around the world to engage in prevention and awareness.
Outrage in Germany, Nobel Laureate Günter Grass has, once again told the truth about Israel being the greatest threat to world peace.
This would download and install the Quartz2 plugin (link). Once the plugin has been successfully installed, we can now create a POGO that will hold the configuration information for the job.
They are now all planning to go down to Mexico with William and Jane, although Leo says he might have to join them later because he has to meet a man in Ypsilanti. Lasher then agrees he will use William's grandmother's money to buy a car and deliver it to the Shoreham -- which is where they'll be going.
As beautiful and varied as Mynydd Hiraethog’s landscape is, the rolling moorland felt isolated and lonely. I think this panorama conveys some sense of the area. Click the image for a larger view.
Another agent had a requested a partial and a book proposal and I was waiting to hear back from her. My last thought before I sent the email was, “It's not going to hurt anything to send it. She'll probably never read it anyway.”
Another one of my not so favorite....meat loaf. EEEW! Seriously, something is wrong when you combine eggs and crackers and meat! HORRID! And don't even get me started on the "chicken fish"
I need to get out tonight –
Damage to oceans could cost trillions
I realize that this conclusion seems like folly, hokum or nonsense to committed materialists; it fits into the skeptical scheme of those who ridicule all things spiritual. But this isn’t an issue that can be settled by arguing over it. Each person must go through the process of experiencing second attention and finding out personally if higher reality exists. The proof lies in many areas, but the most crucial is the area we’ve been discussing. If stress ceases to create illness, damage, anxiety and pressure, if impressions no longer haunt us, if memory loosens its grip, then we can say that the world’s wisdom traditions had something valid to say.
The question was too big. It burned him. What to do about this woman?
It Happens
My subject today, my first one, was a little wary of my questioning at first, but once he understood the backgrounds of the project I had considerable difficulty getting him not to smile (which is one of the requirements of the project). It was a pity that he was in such a rush, we had little time to talk afterwards.
Battledore Placenta
Young Keith and Charlii, that is.
We've long since mastered the art of spoon (rather than whole fist and spoon) into mouth, but feeding an older baby has it's own challenges. Namely, portion size and making sure the right nutrients are all there. I've gotten to the point where I realized combo meals are the way to go. Jude gets his fruit/veggie servings, a protein serving, and whole grain serving in every meal. It just makes my life so much easier! It may sometimes appear to be a disgusting dish (like pears, egg yolks and oatmeal, oh boy!), but homeboy digs it. Here's a little sample of how I make little man's daily menu:
My only plans involve short, slow runs and adding to my playlist in the hopes of really moving.it.along.
Nicole ignored Andrew from that point on, but Andrew didn't quite ignore Nicole. Andrew sent her emails, sometimes 2 or 3 a day, asking her to log on that night so he could apologize. Nicole never did, hoping the problem would just go away, but it didn't.
Ann Cryer, a Labour member of the Commons Home Affairs Select Committee, has been at the forefront of attempting to tackle the problem after receiving complaints from mothers in her constituency about young Asian men targeting their under-age daughters.
ObjectFrontier (OFS) helps software companies and software-enabled businesses to design, develop, test, and maintain their software products and applications, whether they are hosted, licensed, or mobile. OFS is based in Atlanta and has offices in New York, Washington DC, Philadelphia, and offshore in India and the Philippines. Our clients are Independent Software Vendors (ISVs) and F1000 companies whose revenues are driven primarily by customer-facing software products. We have earned the trust of clients in such industries as healthcare, financial services, publishing, hospitality, and insurance and have partnered with them for years.
The simple answer is 100%, in the guise of an offer also known as poker rakeback. Rakeback does exactly what it says on the box- players get part of the rake they paid back, on a weekly, monthly or even on a day to day basis. The exact amount that is possible to get back varies from site to site, but the average is around 35%.
Freezer Burn by Edison Rocket Train
I’ll keep you posted on how things turn out next week. Please share any experiences you’ve had dealing with difficult situations and how you survived.
Barstool Mountain by The Frontier Circus
Toni Morrison
Things have been unbelievably busy these past few weeks. Unbelievable.10,000 things going on at once. I'm forgetting to step back and remember where i am and what I'm doing.
i made my name: eliza eliza
Excellent! The man ruined lives for years, committed egregious acts of violence, and he deserves to be locked away for the rest of his piteous life.
Sorry I haven't posted in a lil while i have been so busy with my comissioned orders and we had ordered new windows and doors which still havent arrived :(:( and also my Mam and I got new beds which arrived this morning yay but I will onli get 1 sleep in mine as im headin away on my hols tommorow yay I'm so excited I will be 1 of 1000 Irish youths who will be travelling to Madrid for World Youth Week to join the 300,000 that will be there lol it's gonna be amazing I hope :) It's not startin till monday but myself and the other 2 girls im goin with are heading over tommorow so will have 2 days before it starts to go and explore Madrid and we also have a day after the events finish to recuperate lol so all in all iim headin away for 10days :) Well anyway I haven't had time to enter any challenges so I thought I would show u a few bits I made for commission and for family.
All of these memories are mine, I hope memory hasn't twisted too severe. I'm sure the people reading this know of the occasions and the beer I'm speaking about. To them, I raise my glass. All of the shared times, the good beers and the bad ones, to the hangovers and all the greasy breakfasts shared.
i can't believe what all has transpired this week. it has been a week of heartache, courage, and some renewal.
Bolívar returned to Venezuela in 1811.
I have always been taught that it was God who made the place where Moses was standing holy. Yet God seems to be saying that Moses had something to do with it also. We cannot deny what God said, “The place on which you are standing is holy ground.” Did Moses have something to do with the consecration of the ground upon which he stood? Did God want Moses, who probably spent a lot of time complaining about those damn sheep, to see the sacred space created each day by his work with sheep? Could it be that there is no such thing as unholy ground if we are standing in a place practicing God’s presence?
One interesting Me-262 operational fact was the formation of the very elite JV-44 squadron made up mostly of air aces lead by Luftwaffe General Adolf Galland (104 aerial victories with 7 in the Me-262). The top 5 aces in this squadron had over 1000 aerial combat victories between them (through the duration of the war) making it the most experienced combat squadron ever formed!
The tinkling started again singing on the whisper of another breeze. “Enough already. I’m awake. I don’t know why I ever bothered to hang them up.” Another lie and yet he spoke it as easily as the truth. He had learned long ago the worst lies were the ones he told himself. That realization didn’t stop him in moments like these. He had also learned that sometimes a casual lie could hide a truth’s hurt. He had hung them, very simply, because she asked. He had known it would make her happy and he remembered clearly that it had.
It may seem odd to the modern Christian why some people have issues with something as seemingly benign as a stained glass window or an Icon in churches. This is basically because Western Christianity never really dealt with the Iconoclastic Controversy that evolved the Eastern Church for some centuries. (Western Christianity got to deal with Saint Augustine, who never really 'happened' in the East, as he wrote only in Latin, which was no longer used in the East at the time.)
Following their evolutionary theme for the RB6, last week their car appeared with a logical development to the RB5 front wing. As with much of the aero on the Newey designed car, the approach is unique. Red Bull have a wing highly integrated into the endplates, with the flap and two slots hard to distinguish from the endplate and main plane.
04 - FVK – Sun's God
(I am realizing my body is very sensitive to inflammation. And that changing my diet is simply not enough. Stress causes inflammation, too. I'm thinking triangulating between Paleo-y diet - practicing Qigong/walking - self-care as a highly sensitive is where I'd like to get myself to this Spring and into the Summer.)
Part 1: Infusing the vodka with lemon zest.
Happy Sunday Stampers!
Overall we're pretty happy with the appliances so far. They were a really good bargain and they look really nice. We'll see how performance is, but we've read good things about Samsung so far.
and was marked as heroes;
She smirked at me and laughingly said ” Yeah Seal with a backpack…. Now I can buy that…. Hope he had matching finger nail polish to go with that too!”
Day 248 – March 26, 2012
people be called terrorist, specially if they decided to say video it as well?
I used a song fragment that I wrote and sped it up, the result of which is quite ridiculous. Jo says my song is catchy, which was a compliment the first time she said it. But she looks less and less pleased the more she finds herself singing it. Catchy like the flu, I guess.
5. We are now on Champ-VA medical insurance, so no more paying $600 for health insurance like we have been doing since Rodney lost his job in June. This is going to be a huge savings for us. I am not sure about the coverage yet but we will figure it out.
We had neither swimsuits or towels (now I know to always bring a swimsuit which I note in Travel Savvy Packing), so we already made the process that much harder to complete by needing to rent them. Nevertheless, I read the section of the bath experience at least ten times, and Brett heard me read it to him ten times, emphasizing different things to him with each reread: “It says couples can share a changing cabin, so that will eliminate one step.” “We go IN the changing area and then rent the swimsuits from the place down the hall to the right.” “There are two entrances, but the book explains the second less used entrance, so that is the one we have to use.” I tried to commit these directions to memory. We were prepared as could be. Even so, our issues started before we entered the building.
Ian Kennedy — Professor of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
Of cabbages - and kings -
Thursday night brought a really fun party at Kate McKinnon's house. Kate's house is just as I'd pictured it... a great 50s/60s vibe, and the backyard is filled with wonderment. I spent a lot of time in the kitchen, skewering meat with Andrew Thornton and Jamie Hogsett...
"If it were my pension contributions being invested in an industry whose only product line killed people in the numbers that die from tobacco, I would be absolutely horrified. As a doctor I think it would be completely unethical to have any part in it", Scally added.As a doctor, Scally, I think it's rather fucking unethical of you to think that you should have any say in financial matters whatsoever.
There were so many things that I didn’t notice before we purchased this house (it actually kind of blows my mind because I’m the person at the mall who goes back to the store three times before actually buying a shirt, let alone a house that apparently I noticed nothing about). So far there have been no unsavory surprises, just little upgrades that the seller made that Mike and I would have been too cheap to make: like really fancy curtain rods and vent covers.
But still. Somewhere. Deep inside. I find it. Patience.
What to Bring - 2 Photographs to use on your layout!
It is amazing to think that taking away words like “birthday” or “dinosaur” is healthy and good! Sure there are people who may not celebrate birthdays or even believe in dinosaurs but now these words now being deemed “inappropriate”. It doesn’t make sense to me! How is it that kids and teachers alike in many schools have no problem cussing and using strong language that is much more offensive than “Rock ‘n’ Roll” and yet have no problem doing so? Moreover, most kids wouldn’t be allowed to have any kind of music device or phone carrying mp3s on their persons trolling the halls school! I feel like if we are gonna ban words, let’s ban words that are truly offensive! What do you think about New York’s ban on these words? Give me some feedback!
and now it's monday and i feel like i've gotten nothing done (which isn't true. i've just gotten zero school-stuff done).
Casa Molana in Broad Street served fusion food and confusing drinks. I decided to play it safe. A green Margarita, heavy on the tequila with plenty of crushed ice - no salt. As soon as Jodie’s old-fashioned Martini arrived I so wished I’d ordered one instead. Classic, classy – everything Jodie wasn’t. The cocktail should have been mine. Sucking through a squat black
But would I even recognize a man like my father? Would I even want him?
The leading cause of death for African American males between the ages of 15 and 34 is homicide. The Bureau of Justice Statistics found the following:
It was about time I revisited the perturbed hilarity of Heathers; a deliciously warped movie that comforts me whenever I'm feeling a tad unbalanced or depleted in the red scrunchy department. You see, I hadn't seen it in at least five years (my overplayed VHS copy just up and died on me). So, as you would expect, the prospect of bathing in its unsavoury light once again had me all aflutter and wistfully woolgathering about blue leggings, shower-nozzle masturbation material, lunchtime polls, cow-tipping, strip croquet ("Sure beats boning on the neighbour's swing"), the perfect hangover cure, and, of course, the breeziness of teen suicide. This film, directed by Michael Lehmann and written by Daniel Waters, is a movie that I used to watch at least once a week back in 1992-93, and it remains to be not only one of the darkest comedies of all-time, but one of the best movies period. Which was a relief, because I was deathly afraid that the film's ability to shock and delight might have softened over the years. But thankfully the film continues to brilliantly skirt that fine line between utter tastelessness and biting satire. Originally, I watched the film because of my healthy obsession with Winona Ryder, but gazing longingly into the diminutive actresses' big brown eyes soon became secondary, as I found myself transfixed by the film's harsh depiction of everyday life at a nondescript high school. The random acts of cruelty and the impenetrable nature of the various social hierarchies all rang true.
However, the Cumbrian setting of the old rectory facing a reality-TV refurbishment in "Nights at the Gin Palace" has potential even if it like some stories works better for its buildup than its payoff. Barry works best when allowing us to enter his misfit and moping characters, for his plots may halt suddenly (if in rather Joycean style). All the same, seeing Barry outside of his Irish element makes for a useful and wisely chosen contrast with previous entries. Similarly, "The Penguins" about a plane full of characters over the polar regions leaves the reader curious--as one line overheard echoes that in the previous story!
Assume that you refer 10 people at the Bronze Level, 10 people at the Silver Level and 10 people at the Gold Level. You are now earning an extra $2250/mo. And that's not all! You can earn not just on your referrals, but on your referrals' referrals!
What I'm referring to here is the blase attitude many have toward marriage these days. Get married, get divorced 72 days later because of irreconcilable differences...Kim K - I'm looking at you.
Readers Digest: Shortly after I moved in the Landlord informed me she would be selling the house. Shortly after that she stopped communicating with me all together. She has not responded to numerous texts, phone calls, or emails since mid October. Including texts and phone calls informing her my toilet had completely busted. I have asked her to be truthful with me about her intentions and she ignores me. One time I came home at lunch early and she happened to be at the house working. She literally hid from me, and when I found her she faked a phone call, so I said fuck it and left. I needed to get back to work.
The white rabbit.
ADDIS ABAB 00002914 003 OF 004
13. The Power of One - Bryce Courtenay
One of the most striking scenes early in White Zombie is a visit to a sugar mill where we see the zombified workers dumping raw sugar cane, as well as operating the mill. Their movements are robotic; the faces are without expression; the workers are utterly dehumanized.
Rafael has been involved in many other projects, which he describes below. And public librarians all over the nation, who engaged in summer reading programs this year, may recognize this poster artwork:
Even the most gangster of troublemakers is going to pick up his or her trash after that.
A recent archaeology excavation at Gor Khatri has established the city’s historical profile and now Peshawar is officially claimed by Archaeology Department to be the ‘Oldest Living City’ in South Asia, boasting a recorded history that goes back as far as at least 539 BC.
Still have a nice Sunday, I'll spend mine lazy with sleeping, reading and gaming.
Ok back to the fool’s joke. Come April 1st, rent day, I thought to myself “Hmmmm, I am gonna scare my landlord in believing that I am stiffing her on some of this months rent.” Now granted she has had past tenants that have completely skipped out on paying rent and she has had some very horrendous tenants in the past, that’s why I have to pay with a money order or cashiers check each month. So what I did was split the rent into two equal cashiers checks. I wrote a note explaining that I am only going to pay half of the rent for the month of April as I am taking the other half away for the landscaping I did. I placed it in the envelope and proceeded to walk up to her door to place it in the mailbox, then my phone rang…
An opinion column in June in the Global Times, a national newspaper in China, took aim at US public high schools in general and Millinocket in particular. The author, an adjunct instructor at a law school program in China and a former high school …
on the Kindle
I’m a little ashamed that I’ve only just discovered this wonderful blog and website that has amazing sketches for layouts and cards! If you’re interested and/or haven’t ever visited this site before visit PageMaps by Becky and enter a layout yourself!
“Young people are coming back to the Church for themselves, for an answer to spiritual meaning. These new bishops understand that.”
Drawing more than 10,000 viewers annually, the free festival attracts people from all walks of life with the promise of live acoustic music performed on five stages. Other activities include a song writing contest, and workshops ranging in topics from native flute making to Hootenanny.
I feel the moment of truth is upon us as the barkeep looks one last time at us and then looks over to his lone customer who has been sitting quietly, clearly amused by the scene playing out in front of him. At last the bartender turns to his other customer and says:
Generously grease two loaf pans. In a small bowl, combine remaining 4 tablespoons of sugar and 4 tablespoons of cinnamon, set aside. Melt 2 tablespoons of butter, set aside.
Teva argues that, even assuming the Warner-Lambert scientists did not know how to stabilize Vasotec®, the patentees still committed inequitable conduct because claims 16 and 17 nevertheless read on Vasotec®. This, according to Teva, is because the claims simply require "contacting" an ACE inhibitor with a metal carbonate and a saccharide. Teva also points out that the originally filed claims were not limited to carbonates, but merely referred to "alkali and alkaline earth metal salts," and that this court’s decision in Schwarz Pharma construed "carbonate" to include "bicarbonate."
I don’t feel me these days. Life is a series of ebb and flow, or work and idleness, numbed out of doing things.
Once again the good folks at the Great Northern Brewery sent me a sample of their Frog Hop beer and once again it was one of my favorites. They go for a very light body to accentuate the fresh hops which are used gently but to perfection. One reason for my love of this beer is that they use locally grown hops in the Whitefish Valley - which is what the fresh hop beer is all about: local, seasonal, fresh.
"Unschoolers are the barefooted folk of the educational world. We’re the ones removing the barriers between our minds and the incredible array of experiences around us, kicking off constraints so we can feel the world as it truly is, in all its varied glory!"
First, if this bill passes, the IRS will have the authority to take away the passports of those whom they say owe more than $50,000 in taxes. (The tax debt doesn’t have to be proven, mind you, the IRS simply has to accuse you of owing the money.) You can find this section on page 1447 of the Bill.
The Chap are a really funny band. They’re like something out of a good comic - they’re like wry, nerdy superheroes. What they are not is a comedy band, and to dismiss them thusly would be to completely overlook their worth.
(Center) Is Agamemnon
You're the girl I used to be
So the workshop was a 2 hour intensive, and we learned a choreography to The 8th Gate by Isaam Houshan- just the first 3 minutes 20 however. I was surpised at how few people attended the workshop actually, but I think the only method of advertising had been via Facebook. While that's a great way to get people my age involved, a lot of bellydancers are older and might not surf the web as much.
You brought lots of sweets.
I had a weekend back in mid November where I had a ton of energy, didn't feel nauseous and was motivated to decorate. So our decor has been up for about 3 weeks now and I have been really enjoying decorating our new place.
Ever the romantics we are! We've always said we wouldn't bother with Valentine's Day and I'm not sure how this translates to our anniversary too, but obviously somewhere in the annals of MM's brain it does. Actually I'm not complaining because the first anniversary is traditionally paper, so my present to him was neither romantic nor exciting, merely practical.
I've neglected this blog for a few weeks, during which I did not really try anything new in the beer world, even from the Big Five. I saw some chatter about a decent offering from Sapporo, but several scans of area store shelves turned up nothing. Perhaps it didn't make as far as Mie.
First, clean off your boat’s vinyl upholstery with a damp cloth to remove grime, dirt and salt. You may want to follow this by applying a quality vinyl cleaners/protectant and again wiping off the surface. Once the upholstery is free of dirt and grime, apply a light film of spray-on furniture polish and wipe with a clean cloth. This should help guard against stains and preserve the life of your boat’s upholstery. If mildew stains have formed on your vinyl upholstery, use a deck brush with medium-soft bristles and scrub with a water and ammonia mixture (4 parts water to one part ammonia). Follow with a freshwater rinse, dry, and repeat this process if necessary. For tougher cases, several effective commercial stain removers appropriate for use on vinyl upholstery are available.
A: In Creeping with the Enemy, I introduce an ongoing story – a mystery about Chanti’s family – that will provide a backdrop to the new case Chanti will work in each book. As her detective skills grow, she’ll use them to solve the bigger family mystery. When I first thought up the series, I wanted to take Chanti into college because I was working on a college campus at the time and figured I could use that experience in the book. But as slowly as I’m progressing through her junior year, I think that would take more than the six or seven books I had originally planned. But so much of how long a series lasts is driven by how long the readers want to keep reading it.
The kids were understandably upset. Death is hard, and the middle kid has really been struggling lately with his feelings about it. There were tears and reassurances.
I believe it is highly possible this maybe our last Summer to really get things set and prepared. We may make it to Winter but after that we maybe on our own and practice time maybe over.
We plan on doing a lot more than just sending out postcards together. We plan on expanding our communities knowledge of the opportunities that exist in the Children's Market beyond Children's books. But I'll talk more about that in part 2 of this article!!! Until then feel free to browse our website and give input! We'd love to hear from you!
At the Sichuan Provincial Research Academy of Environmental Sciences, Zhang Qiujin, Director of the Ecology Institute, agrees that the hydropower construction here will likely completely ruin aquatic and dry-land ecological systems–the whole riverside area’s natural environment.
Now many will argue that the amount of artificially color in foods is not enough to hurt you (to the point of organ failure)…and I may agree on 2 accounts a)IF you are not ingesting the toxic threshold for your body and your genetics and b) IF all your mitochondria are working at 100%… maybe eating this stuff every day will slightly disrupt your energy production and you will be no worse the wear (except after YEARS and YEARS of eating this stuff every day, perhaps?)….but for the children and adults who suffer from mitochondrial disease (whose mitochondria are not functioning at 100%) then ingesting artificial colors every day can, as you would suspect, have a greater effect on their energy production, than a normal, healthy person’s. Couple that with a mito patient who may have GI issues, increased stomach permeability, infections or be immune compromised even further, and perhaps hospitalized following a surgery, infection or metabolic crisis (thus demanding even more of their energy) and the effect of this dye could be even greater (as is noted in the journal article below where it is implemented in death of 2 older patients (not diagnosed with mito but who were compromised by sepsis).
As an aside, and I will totally catch flack for this by someone I am sure but I so sympathize with Dr. Horrible from Doctor Horrible’s Sing-a-Long Blog. The poor man is just so pathetic you really can not help to feel bad for him. Doctor Horrible Official Site This is the geek in me. It is a great story though. You should check out the comic too, it gives some additional background on the characters.
We never did fess up to what we had been up to that day, or the day previous, when having dinner with Jane's grandparents later that evening. Nor did we tell them about the sounds we'd heard, or the voice we thought we had heard. We were set to head back home early the following morning and we both agreed it was far better to exchange pleasantries on the final evening of our visit rather than to choke the air with questions about previous tenants, the history of the land, or the possibility of spirits that linger after death. According to Jane, things like that didn't go over too well with her grandfather, who was, she said--in his youth as well as in all the time that she had known him--more practical-minded and rational than I ever was. Coming from Jane, I took this as a compliment.
In the past, the public had access to the upper levels of the tiered Mausoleum. But this access was stopped a few years back after some suicide attempts, and due to the deteriorating condition of the structure.
God created you in His image – our God is an awesome and beautiful God. He created us to be awesome and beautiful too! Unfortunately, we are born into sin and living in this sinful World and not living in the fullness of life and awesome beauty that He would love us to experience. But, despite our sin, God still took value in us, he saw beautiful gold within the dirty rock – deep and lost – that he took tremendous effort to come and find us deep in our sinful lives. He sent His son Jesus. He found us and extracted us from our sinful lives. But it is only then that the real process starts in our lives!
Some North West Coastal tribes had impressively carved cedar masks which could open at a pivotal point in a story to reveal a second mask carved within the first one.The Hopi and Pueblo tribes carved and painted wooden Kachina Masks. Kachina are the symbols of spirits who control crops, weather, health and all other aspects of life. Kachina are also symbols of ancestors who are highly regarded by the Hopi. There are more than five-hundred indivdual Kachina known. Kachina are more commonly know in the form of Kachina dolls. Each doll has it's own special markings, color, and decoration and are used mostly during the winter and summer solstice ceremonies. They are usually carved from Cottonwood trees and range from an inch to a foot in length. Kokopelli is the most popular and well recognized of the Kachina. Kokopelli is a hump backed flute player who is believed to bring good luck, health and happiness to the homes he adorns and is also known as the teacher of Kachina carving.
11/16/2008 - San Francisco, CA - The Fillmore
Christopher Charles Amoroso, 29, New York, N.Y.
Sorry, I'm rambling on and on but I've had all this stress for the last two days and my main way to process is by writing my thoughts down. So I've been going a little nuts feeling so disconnected.
Burton directed “Dark Shadows” from a screenplay by Seth Grahame-Smith, story by John August and Grahame-Smith, based on the television series created by Dan Curtis. The producers are Oscar
And then came the real shocker...
I had an idea for myself and for this site months and months ago, and I am just now getting around to fleshing it out. It's the change of weather. Makes me slow down which means I can focus on and do a lot of the things I've been wanting to do.
Paula, all you need to do is email us at flourishesllc@cox.net and put From the Garden Winner in the subject line. Don't forget your address so we can send your stamps to you!
Having wild weekends
The public forgiveness is complicated mainly because I cannot forgive someone on the behalf of others. I can personally let go of my resentment towards an individual or a group, but it is not my place to forgive them for all that they have done. Nor do I think it does anyone any good when we immediately offer forgiveness in reaction to an announcement by someone who has begun to consider his previous harmful actions.
Be sure to make an appointment ahead of time (ask your stylist) so you can get your hair into the best condition (ask about color options too!) possible for that big day. Try on different styles until you find that perfect one that pleases your bride but most of all makes you feel beautiful and ready for anything!
1 tbsp. chopped parsley
Another thought popped into my head: this is my last IUI cycle ever! So weird to think that. This will be my 9th IUI!
For my card I decided to use the color aqua and paired it with white. The scripture that I used on my card is one of my favorites and comes from the Scripture Col. 7. The tag was created using the Daffodil Tag set. The layout for the card is from this week's Mojo Monday sketch challenge. I used a new Sizzix/Stampin Up! die that I recently purchased. I have to admit that when I first used the die things weren't working quite right with the die and I was ready to return it to my SU! demo. Once I used the cutting platform that came with my Big Shot the die worked perfectly!
MIRC is a joint project of Legal Services of South Central Michigan’s Michigan Poverty Law Program and Farmworker Legal Services divisions. The work of the Michigan Immigrant Rights Center is made possible by grants from the Michigan State Bar Foundation, the Arcus Foundation, the Ford Foundation, the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, and a U.S. Department of Justice Legal Assistance for Victims Grant (from MIRC’s website).
Suite Scarlett, like its predecessor, is sweet and charming. It’s funny and peculiar; it’s gripping despite having no real conflict. Maureen Johnson’s writing is witty, and it flows like the soul of a passed on fish through the River Styx, succeeding in avoiding collision with the debris that the other dead things had thrown into the river. Which means that yes, the fish is dead, which is rather depressing, but the book flowed well, which should appease you enough to forget about the dearly departed fish. Also, have I mentioned that this book is funny? Funny in the Maureen Johnson several mad people trapped in a box with one cup of lukewarm tea and a polka dotted sock way. Which means really funny. The setting, while not a particularly unique as settings go (if you fail to pull up at least one example of New York being used a centre of creative energy in books, movies and other such things, then you might as well be dead. The rest of the world certainly considers you to be so.), does very well to support the novel in all of its endeavours. And on a contradictory note, what other madcap YA comedy/romance/type thing takes place in a crumbling twenties hotel? If you cannot pull up one instance, then I like you. The people who can present me with one more example, you are the scum of the earth.
Garnish with an Orange Slice
But understand we don’t limit God … we limit ourselves and our relationship and life with and IN God … with and IN Christ Jesus.
…an app is ok if it’s just misleading rather than blatantly dishonest. Though you’d think that an app called Lock My Screen that doesn’t actually lock your screen is definitely less than honest. But Apple has evidently passed it, and the author has apparently made over $1000 from it.
Now let’s leap to Mars and observe a Martian as described by Major James R. Randolph, engineer, mathematician and physicist, who taught at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, N. Y., and Rhode Island State College and lectures extensively on interplanetary subjects. This is his conception of a Mars inhabitant: He has slender arms and legs, a large chest, wide, flaring nostrils and a broad mouth. His head would be about a quarter the size of his body; his eyes would be dark-adapted, with wide pupils. His size is problematical” Major Randolph’s guess is that he would be about four feet tall but he frankly admits there is no real basis for the assumption.
Melt the white chocolate the same way as you melted the mint chips above. Then roll the remaining truffles in the melted white chocolate.
For this is no ordinary girl. Vasalisa is an avatar with an uncontrollable force within – and it’s not just the werewolves who want her.The Dark Goddess wants to sacrifice Vasalisa and use her powers to unleash unimaginable catastrophes and devastation.
just me and Ross (and a million crazy people).
"Talk" to you all soon!!!
1 Tbsp Cider Vinegar
1. Two CD sized papersleeve album replicas (one gatefold), with two black inner sleeves.
*My friends are... there for me. I'm sure some of you have known what it's like to feel like you are the outsider in a group. I know I have. A lot. But I don't now. I know my group(s) of friends are there when I need them and I can count on them. This was my wake-up call today. I listened to a voice message today telling me that if I needed anything I could call on her and that I was loved. And I could tell her the same thing. And others. In multiple areas of my life. How awesome is it to know that no matter where I turn, I have friends who will be there for me and tell it to me like it is - difficult or not.
Lord’s Resistance Army objectives. I have them here. “To remove dictatorship and stop the oppression of our people.” Now, again Lord’s Resistance Army is who Obama sent troops to help nations wipe out. The objectives of the Lord’s Resistance Army, what they’re trying to accomplish with their military action in these countries is the following: “To remove dictatorship and stop the oppression of our people; to fight for the immediate restoration of the competitive multiparty democracy in Uganda; to see an end to gross violation of human rights and dignity of Ugandans; to ensure the restoration of peace and security in Uganda, to ensure unity, sovereignty, and economic prosperity beneficial to all Ugandans, and to bring to an end the repressive policy of deliberate marginalization of groups of people who may not agree with the LRA ideology.” Those are the objectives of the group that we are fighting, or who are being fought and we are joining in the effort to remove them from the battlefield.
Psalm 22:3- But You are holy, You who inhabit the praises of Israel.
Doesn't that make you a little sniffly too? No? Well maybe I'm just hormonal and need some chocolate. Check out lots more from Julia on her blog 551 East.
We're on our way
And with laws like this people can, driven by their bias and personal ideas of how a terrorist look like, harass people. Would a blond guy with a bandana named Mikael Falke have been stopped? No but if your name is Ahmad, Mehmet, Mohammed or Ali you risk it.
(Back Row) Coach Dan Fehr (so cute!!), Nicole Rempel, Pauline McKONE, Kristina Siggelkow, Lindsay Holm, Moi, Assistant Coach Paul Gudlaugsen
and tossing it into night
The surgical table had these separate arm rests that stuck out from the side of the table. It felt like I was walking to my crucifixion. I would have to lay there and get strapped into this table. WTF!
At the front of the house, the original part of the garden has Yew hedging and herbaceous borders, given over this time of the year to Spring plants and a mass of Forget-me-nots wherever you look.
Anyway, back to the point. My job is also changing radically also but I'm not going to go into that as I don't like to discuss my work. Not that my job is very mysterious, I just keep it at work and try not bring it home with me. These changes have also stopped me visiting other peoples blogs as much as I would like.
I am glad that the writer ended the story on a happy note even if all of the subplots were not yet resolved. This is, after all, the first book in the series so we can expect to hear more about these story lines in future books.
You, little one are about 14-15 inches long and weigh about 2 lbs - the weight of a cauliflower! You're waking and sleeping at regular intervals, and I can most certainly tell when you're awake! Moving around all. the. time. But I love it dearly! You're probably opening and closing your eyes now, and look like a miniature whatever you'll look like when you're born. I wish I could peer inside of myself and see what you look like.
Exhibition Details -
“Is Morning Joe over? Can we turn on my cartoons?”
Spring and summer are so busy for me because we have a boat too. So we've been spending lots of our spare time doing boat projects.
after promising a lady at work
Sometimes the need for praise is so strong, that the getting of that praise is the ultimate and only goal. Like a child who works hard to get the gold star at school, but forgets her work as soon as the star is given. There is no joy in the work, little value in the finished piece - but the star is taken home to gain further praise.
Bring on week five…here we go!
“And thus by degrees was lit, half-way down the spine, which is the seat of the soul, not that hard little electric light which we call brilliance, as it pops in and out upon our lips, but the more profound, subtle and subterranean glow which is the rich yellow flame of rational intercourse. No need to hurry. No need to sparkle. No need to be anybody but oneself . . . how good life seemed, how sweet its rewards, how trivial this grudge or that grievance, how admirable friendship and the society of one's kind, as, lighting a good cigarette, one sunk among the cushions in the window-seat.”
B1 Psi Field The Summoning
Baaaaa (like the sheep says)
The onslaught continued with 400 hurdler Isa Phillips besting Defending World champion Kerron Clement in the stretch for an easy 48.18 to 48.51 win. With the meet ending with Kerron Stewart (JAM) running away from the women's 200 meter field in a strong negative wind to win going away in 20.72.
The addition of sweetened condensed milk in this recipe adds extra creaminess as well as sweetness to the tarts, eliminating the need for additional sugar. A rich, dark chocolate drizzle adds a touch of bitter sweet and a chocolate covered Physalis lends a wonderfully elegant touch.
Bill Condon (Gods and Monsters)
Inspired by some hair clips that a friend had made, I searched online and found some blanks and came up with these for my Nieces. They loved them and I can see me making lots more. Might see if I can come up with some Christmassy designs to put in with their presents.
I’ve dabbled in the online dating previously, but never really got “into it”. No, I’m not in fake love with anyone…but I’m in love with the process this go around. Many people have suggested I try it…you know EVERYONE has a story, a girl I work with; well her cousin met a guy online and they married in 3 months and they are SO in love. You ALL have a story.
All ideas and opinions are Mike's own and may or may not reflect the opinions of this website. Any rebroadcast, retransmission, or account of this post, without the express e-mailed consent of The Hopeful Chase, is prohibited...or at least frowned upon.
I hope you found my tips useful. Try not to be put off by the enormity of the task, it may seem daunting at first but once you get used to your manager and how they work it becomes easier to manage their correspondence. How do you manage your boss’ emails? Do you have any other Do’s and Don’ts that you can share?
SJR-8205 concerns the the length of time voters must reside in Washington to vote for President and Vice President. AHAH! It is one of these laws manipulating the rules to reduce voting that you hear about in all the GOP-dominated state, keeping people from voting! Uh, not quite. Actually, in Wash State you have to live here 30 days in order to be able to vote. But you have to live here 60 days to vote in national elections. This resolution makes it all the same - 30 days. That's it. Yep, it makes it easier to vote and brings everything in line. Nothing to see here. Vote YES.
2. Make sure the terms used are aimed at the average drinker.
Marvelous Russian authors are noted for their very real portrayals of the lives of their fellow citizens. Alexander Pushkin, Fyodor Dostoyevsky, and Leo Tolstoy are among the nation’s best-known writers. Stage plays by Anton Chekhov are gripping and true-to-life. Writer Alexsandr Solzhenitsyn won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1970 for describing his life in a prison camp twenty years earlier. He had protested against the Communist system and was sent to Siberia for his beliefs.
Benefit Powderflage
Soft Suede cardstock stamped in Soft Suede with Paisley Petals Stamp set.
The Bluebells - Come Along
Tour in an old Citroen 2CV (expensive but fun)
"Prophecy is not some low-hanging fruit that can be plucked from a tree. You have to go to the farmer's market and pay a little extra for it."
Everybody sing along.
The luxury industry is responding in kind, moving decisively to extend its reach into Latin America’s biggest market to tap an energized generation of young people.
that I can’t seem to reach.
Ic morning report of the XLV Army Corps.
And the Mumme Poll is a fan poll, not a blogger poll (not that those two characterizations are mutually exclusive). We welcome the participation of any college football fan. From anywhere – this isn’t just for Georgia fans, or SEC folks.
Bandung in West Java, Indonesia, has long been an exclusive weekend resort destination, blessed with a relatively cool year-round temperature averaging 24 degrees Celsius given its location in the elevated valley of the Parahyangan Mountain range. After Indonesian independence from the Dutch in 1945, rapid development and urbanization transformed Bandung from an idyllic town into the now bustling Metropolitan area of 15,000 people per km². Despite its dense population, Bandung still retains the charm that attracts weekend travellers, visitors and business travellers from Jakarta and beyond.
He still refuses to ask for mercy. He chose not to appear before the Arizona Board of Executive Clemency earlier this month.
Initially, the sales figures were decent which indicated that the Indians are responding well. However, it soon became apparent that many people had bought Corn Flakes as a one-off, novelty purchase. Another big issue is its price, the product is too expensive for the Indian middle-class. Meanwhile, Kellogg’s didn’t reduce the price and decided to launch other products in India. Indian cereal buyers were introduced to Chocos, Rice Flakes, Wheat Flakes, All Bran, Honey Flakes and few other line extensions where none of them have managed to really succeed in a big scale.
Once in the toilet, I stand at the urinal and begin my movement. My standing river dance commences. There's a poster for a new range of condoms on the wall in front of me, I read it, oblivious to the toilet door opening and the presence of another man standing beside me.
“Eh up Bernard,” said one, “Gerra move on – it’s the invasion”.
There is a great opportunity for you to take action NOW on seeing an end to extreme poverty in May through the Live Below the Line campaign (eating and drinking on less than $2AUD, $1.50USD, £1GBP per day each day for five days May 7-11)…
Homemade Empanadas – Cummin Chicken with Avocado on the side, the avocado took away the Spanish action and gave it a Mexican kick. Nevertheless was very tasty
On the subject of buying, Denton says, “You’ll usually end up ahead with a truck.” Actually, I shared that link on Sunday, but today I did not realize the pattern until after twelve items. I also just noticed the option to download images from Facebook. My Little Pony has a parody of a song by Katy Perry and now has a parody of Bridesmaids on billboards around Los Angeles.
My impression is that Castorp is light-headed, even giddy, when he discusses meeting the Russians and Tous le deux with his cousin
It’s amazing the number of humans who don’t understand the elementary concept of retribution. The principle is set out very clearly in your holy books. If people circulate malicious pamphlets about you, your response should be to circulate equally malicious pamphlets about them. There was plenty of mud that Ronald could have thrown at that incongruous pair of upstarts. He might have made the point that they were uncommonly ugly and very slovenly in their dress. And why had a man and woman who spent so much time together not mated and produced offspring? It seemed very suspicious to me. Did the man have erectile dysfunction? Did the woman suffer from vaginismus? The facts are unclear, but there would have been no harm in drawing attention to these possibilities in a crisply worded prospectus. Once a million of these had been circulated and read, I’m sure that everyone would have forgotten about the scurrilous charge of poisoning the customers.
Wooden spoons for invitations! Yes, we were going to do this in style. Alas, the party never happened; the night before it was due to take place, she was struck by a brain haemorrhage. She died two weeks later.
Image: Sugar Nellie
By the way - for all of you ladies with severe endo like I have - you have to try cataflam. It works amazingly well. Of course, if you are sensitive to NSAIDS like I am you will think you are having a heart attack when the acid reflux kicks in, so you have to pick your poison. Hence the alcohol. I'd rather deal with the wine hangover than the severe chest pain for days.
Bambootility Media provides bamboo media, marketing, bamboo farming/agritech, research & consulting in areas such as climate change, industrial design, environmental mitigation, architecture, engineering, construction, packaging, health & nutrition, cosmetics, food, pets, and more. Go to www.bambootility.com for more information and a description of the global Bambootility Media platform.
29. The Last Shot -- Lou Reed
Most shameful of all is Putin's decision to close the drunk tanks. The <U+0432><U+044B><U+0442><U+0440><U+0435><U+0437><U+0432><U+0438><U+0442><U+0435><U+043B><U+044C> (sobering-up station) predates the Revolution, but the Bolsheviks gave it the lacquer of pseudo-science, priggishness and theft that helped it endure to this day.
tweaker
This is her tree from this year.
Toss the cauliflower in 2 tablespoons olive oil, roast in the oven at 450 degrees for 35 minutes until golden brown. Remove and set aside.
Good news. I got green crop jeans. They matched my home teachers shorts.
You may have seen my GoGreen Champ Pocket Diaper review a few weeks ago. Now I've had the opportunity to review a standard Go Green Pocket Diaper as well. If you missed out on the last champ giveaway, don't worry. Next week I'll be doing a side by side comparison of the champ and standard diaper, along with another champ giveaway!
The shape of the shadow mimics the shape of the guitar. On this image, it is almost parallel. If you are worried you're not doing it right, you can take a second copy of the image, slide it over a bit, and trace it.
Lately, though, another kind of owl medicine has caught on. My mother (Chinook/Euro) has sent me links to her beloved "Molly McGee", a barn owl of worldwide fame. Live cameras have been put into the owl box she and her mate - and two subsequent clutches of owlets - call home.
Some people love leet and text in nothing but. Others hate it and see it as the beginning of the end for proper written English. I think leet is just fun.
Hope you've all had a lovely weekend.
If you are interested, there seem to be groups all over the South East and probably all over the country, just google it, but remember, I still don't think St Jean Vianney would necessarily approve.
Sudan is part of the Third World nations, where the war has greatly affected the future of women for many decades. The impact of this is that many of women who come from Sudan arrive without basic educational skills. It’s greatly lowering their employment opportunities, as well as their ability to communicate and pursue further academic studies.
Chicago pizza is synonymous with strong-dish pies that have cheese on the bottom and sauce on the top rated. But Chicago pizza restaurants serve each type of pizza you can imagine – from Neapolitan pies baked in a wood-burning oven to gourmand pizzas with fancy toppings.
Every vehicle containing someone who looks like they might be a member of the religion of peace and a backpack.
“I am here to help,” said Casbolt. “Sorry to say it,” he told me, “I was sent to get them, not save your life. But always good to kill two birdies with one stone, eh, yank?”
She sings, she writes, her band rocks….Greta Gaines simply swaggers! Move over Chrissie Hynde."Jessie ScottX Country nelo
But all that I know is you, your touch and your smile.
I heart spring break.
Yoni Avital broke that ice though. I felt transported to a different world altogether, as put his lips to the flute. Intense. The very vibes of the auditorium changed. He also later played ‘Eli Eli’ on the guitar. Here is Eli Eli, though in a female voice. It is a quintessential Hebrew song.
My problem is that my eyelashes are upside down. (The clever people among you would have realised that from the title. Humour me.)
7.ADAM & THE ANTS - Young Parisians
Ke garisan, sedia.. preeett!
So, what made the Not Bob challenge so good?
Handle with Care is the comical and clever and utterly charming story of two men who’re falling in love for the first time—not just being one half of a couple but being in a partnership—though the journey is all about the making of and making up for mistakes, until they finally get it right. Unfortunately all they have to go by is how not to do a relationship, and it’s hard to build something when what you have to work with is the raw materials of past sexual encounters and a relationship that clipped your wings before you learned that what you really wanted to do was to fly.
I think I was a well seasoned query veteran by the time I sent my first queries for CRACKED (which back then was titled Everything’s Not Lost). By this point in my writing journey I’d had piled up close to one hundred rejections – I knew rejection well.
i feel weary and old.
Disclosure: I was sent this product information, from either a PR agency or a company. Regardless, I only recommend products or services I would personally use and believe will be good for my readers. Your opinions may vary from my opinions. I am disclosing this in accordance with the Federal Trade Commission's 16 CFR, Part 255: "Guides concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising.
If Japanese government leaders do not recognize the risk their nation faces, how could the rest of us be persuaded of the looming disaster? And if the rest of us do not acknowledge the catastrophe we collectively face, who will be the one to act?
Two days before the waiver was granted, Falcone and his wife each donated the maximum $30,400 to the DNC. LightSquared CEO Sanjiv Ahuja made his own $30,400 contribution to the DNC on the same day he met with administration officials to discuss the waiver.
Do I still have any readers? If so, I *heart* you! :)
were listed at the end of the performance, it seemed as
At the time this aired in the U.S., a lot of folks tried to pin this particular bit on Cartoon Network, which completely ignores that Cartoon Network’s input was cash, not creative effort. So this one is completely on Sunrise, and it’s really pretty weird. Why put in such offensive caricatures of your in-group, after all? Or was this just supposed to be Sunrise poking fun at the stereotypes? Maybe it worked for Japanese folks, but to me it just feels crude and detracts from the remainder of the episode.
against the wall
Of Fire’s glow; the fighter’s show is brilliant but short
From what they’ve already mentioned however, it doesn’t seem like you’ll need to worry about never seeing another S.T.A.L.K.E.R. style game from the newly formed studio. Currently, Vostok is hard at work on a MMOFPS game for the PC which will also be free to play. The game’s working title is Survarium and they view it as the next evolution in the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. franchise. Interestingly enough they’ve been working on this idea for the past 10 year or so and by forming a new independent studio, they finally found time to flesh it out into a full-fledged game. What we do know about the game is that it’ll be a game about survival in a post apocalyptic world. Chernobyl seems to once again be at the heart of the game but players will also be able to explore beyond it’s gates as well.
If you never have any problem pill-swallowing, or don't know anyone who does, don't bother going on reading this - just try swallowing one of these instead!
Ending credit music continues…..
First up was the epic 3+ hour documentary IT'S THE EARTH, NOT THE MOON. Corvo is a small island in the Azores. In land area, it's a bit smaller than San Francisco, and is home to one village, one street, one airport with one runway, and between 440 and 450 people (population has fluctuated from 300 to 900 over its history.) It's the ideal location for director Goncalo Tocha to spend four years making a documentary about absolutely everything there. The butcher, the fishermen, the cheesemakers, the farmers, the volcanic cone, the beach, the pigs, the cows, the...everything. Divided into chapters that don't have a thematic organization so much as a sense of an evolving story and increasing familiarity with the island, it can be an exhausting project (I admit I checked my watch more than once) but a rewarding one. It really is an exercise in trying to capture everything about a place, and it's undeniably rewarding when Tocha gets his cap at the end and is declared a real man of Corvo. I get the sense that if he could, he would've included all 180 hours he shot there from 2007 to 2011. I wouldn't have stayed around quite that long, but 3 hours was long enough (and, according to Tocha, a half-hour longer than most visitors spend in Corvo)
A friend's comment has caused me to ponder the question "How will I stay organised once the baby comes along?" And I'm not sure that I can accurately answer that question other than to say to myself, "I probably won't". I have no idea how our lives will be turned upside down once "Peanut" (baby) has arrived, in the most unpredictable and joyful way.
Yesterday was a historic day for A poke at the box, a total of 45 viewers came to the site (single day highest up from 44), and only one of whom came from Facebook. Meaning, somehow, I’ve managed to generate traffic outside of my immediate network. However, 82% of the views were brought in through two strange Czech Republic blogs. I’ve yet to identify the meaning of all this, but I assume we are tagged under similar overarching topics. Sadly, no new subscribers. *cough*
Gift: Fortitude (Courage) – With the gift of courage, we overcome our fear and are willing to take risk as a follower of Jesus. A person with courage is willing to stand up for what is right in the sight of God, even if it means accepting rejection, verbal abuse, or even physical harm and death.
We found one apartment that we thought we loved... but upon a closer inspection, we realized that there was d-CON sprinkled liberally in the kitchen corners. READ: there's clearly a rodent problem. Plus, the place was hot as blazes even on a cool evening and we'd have to install our own window A/C. *sigh* We had already applied and were accepted, but ended up turning the place down. I'm still mourning this apartment, as it was cute, had lots of storage, was spacious, cute, and allowed small dogs.
I am extremely excited to say that since school has started we eat breakfast together as a family. I am very proud of myself for this as I am not a morning person. This means that we eat 2 meals together everyday. (it also means that I am always cooking). It is a lot of work but it makes me so happy!
Put the puzzle pieces together. The doctors pretty much gave my dad a death sentence since the Interferon treatment would not work. So we were just praying to God, "why, why, can't you make this treatment work? Why?"
6. Threshold into the Unknown
Seriously. Please watch the video.
My daughter being a mouse (apparently) -
years at the cost of N1
5. Saranac Pomegranate Wheat
Baltimore Ravens DT Alameda Ta’amu (Wash) The Ravens finally put all the pieces together. They look to reload for the upcoming years and their is nothing better for the Ravens to do other then stock up on their Defensive Front line.
He hung around, he followed along
The end result was some semi-attractive jars, although not as perfect looking as the grocery store variety. I was concerned about stuffing too much asparagus in the pint jars, but in hindsight, the hot water bath cooked them slightly and they shrunk up a bit, so next time I will pack the jars pretty full.
3. Drama Queen No.2 has managed to survive a visit to the dentist and was able to communicate through the use of vigorous hand signals that, no she would not like two loose teeth just tweeked out – past experience having taught her that hesitation on this type of issue results in plier type instruments being thrust into her mouth.
* Baxter also “suggested getting tacks that they could throw out of the back of the car if they get in a chase.” This getaway tactic was last successfully used in a Batman episode from 1967.
Tools: Martha Stewart deco fans edger punch
1 loaf of stale bread watered and squeezed dry.
Sometimes a business model and philosophy can be easier to change and re-invent than a strident and steadfast attitude. There is a 'call to arms' in publishing at the moment, and change is often most directly coming from smaller, independent publishing houses who through sheer want of survival are exploring every publishing niche; maximising all they can from what e-publishing will yield; deep-mining regularly the estuaries and flowing waters of communication which have become the sea of social networking. The responsibility lies equally with author and publisher because the once viral highways of business must now share the opens roads with the new forward-thinking commuters as well and the inexperienced Sunday drivers out for a view of the scenery rather than the road ahead.
Goose: Yeah. But then you'd have to grease them. You wouldn't want squeaky balls.
Five daily skin essentials that offer healthy skin maintenance for all skin types. This kit is designed to balance skin's pH and regulate moisture content while offering anti-aging benefits through powerful bioactives derived from vitamin-enriched plant oils and fruit extracts. Use these minis as a way to try out some products from this line before committing to the full sized, or use these for travel.
She's very proud of her beanstalk!
11th - mighty water battles
“For the first time I found out I could draw a red eyed tree frog.”, she said. Since then Kylie has been in an art class every year she’s been in school, as well as attending the art club after school regularly.
So to my parents, my grandparents, my auntie Elaine, Melissa, Leah, Cindi, Wendy, Eli, Stefie, and many many more THANK YOU for standing!! I've been watching you! You've been an incredible example to me.
Quite possibly the most oblique film on this list, and quite possibly the most powerful precisely because it is what it wants to be: impenetrable. Gene Hackman is the detective investigating a missing person in the Hollywood community who gets involved in a deadly smuggling case – this is a highly sophisticated look at the genre which delights in not giving anything away – its closing image, of a boat going round and round in circles perfectly sums up a film full of questions and no easy answers, though everything you need is in fact all in plain sight.
Moonwort is as irresistible to children as sunflowers are to goldfinches. When kids discover the ripened pods in the garden, they immediately know they’ve struck it rich. Children hang money plant seeds from their ears as earrings, make stickpins and brooches with the flowers, create beautiful crowns to wear and gather piles of the gleaming “coins”.
She gave. He took. He forgot. –Tobias Wolff
Hi everyone, hope you're all well and not too soggy! I thought we'd turned a corner with the weather yesterday as it was blue sky and sunshine all day. It's been one of those days at work today (always seems to be a Tuesday!) so a quick post as a relaxing bubble bath is needed!
(And why do I keep putting the verb “to be”, selectively, in strike-through text? But that, dear readers, will have to wait for another day.)
“They used to bet in the morning how many people they could kill – old people, civilians, it didn’t matter,” the investigator said. “Some of the stuff would curl your hair.”
Satisfied the eviction had been successfully carried out the Happy Farmer once again lit the Aga and was a tad disgruntled when fumes began bellowing out of the ovens like never before. The whole house was 'gassed' out. More roof top clambering and chimney sweeping, and another huge nest was dislodged from further down the pipe.
Excuse my French, I have said something that people usually won't want to hear. As in "You have a dentist appointment next week," which is swiftly followed by "Fuck fuck fuck I haven't been flossing." And of course you haven't been flossing. Nobody flosses. It's probably a conspiracy. The dentist will still ask you if you are anyways, and you have no choice but to answer "sometimes."
Today is my turn to host the new challenge at "Magnolia Stamp Lovers" and for the next two weeks the theme will be easy and one of my favorites "FLOWERS". You need to make a card using any Tilda or Edwin with flowers in their hands or flowers around them. I decided this time to make a paper bag card using one of my favorite Magnolia stamp ("Tilda in the garden"). I'm sorry the pictures are not good but I tried a few times and they either turned too dark or too light.
and double oil prices
– SP
Our eldest artist, the highly esteemed David Martin RSW RGI. This is Mandolin and Pears and I am always delighted that he gives me small works for our annual Affordable Art Show. He's a very busy man . . . .
This I ask through Jesus Christ,
I’m reading a self-published novel by someone right now, and it’s very much in the character’s head. Yes, there’s action, but I can only hear about the character’s internal conflict so many times before I want to scream.
I scampered down the tree to safety. My dad later told me why she fell and I did not. Apparently, when Tammy’s mother felt the gust of wind, she yelled out, “Tammy, don’t fall!” And Tammy did fall. My dad then explained to me that the mind has a very difficult time processing a negative image.
Ok, so for the most part the teenagers have been bored stiff. They had asked Jon and I few times about heading down to Cedar Point, one of the largest amusement parks in the country to try their best not to completely barf all over each other while zipping through extremely high and monstrously insane rides.
Kiss Me Dancer by Alicia and Roy Street
In Winterfell, Bran continues to listen to the problems of the smallfolk, treat Hodor as his own private transport and have dreams about mutant crows, while Osha continues to practice the quaint backwoods art of Wildling coyishness every time she’s asked a question. Rickon makes a brief appearance (where’s that kid been?) only to greatly annoy everyone, both on and off screen, with a series of nut-smashing incidents. Master-at-Arm Ser Rodrik Cassel, who we haven’t seen much this season, bursts in on Bran to warn of some trouble elsewhere in the fiefdom. Though there’s hardly anyone left to guard Winterfell (this is a great time to look up the definition of foreshadowing), he leaves with 200 men to take care of matters.
I decided that instead of making the last page article recipe of MSL every month, I was going to start making all the recipes I have been saving over the years.
For instance; One Monday morning a colleague – let’s call him Clueless was telling a story of a horrible weekend. He had invited his girl friend – to his weekly 5-aside match. His plan was to show a t-shirt underneath his jersey saying, ‘marry me Kate’ after scoring a hat-trick goal. Meanwhile he knows Kate hates football; she’s your typical pink-wearing, girly girl who’d rather be sitting in a spa on Saturday morning than out in the cold watching men chase a ball around a field. Clueless did score a goal – an amazing one according to him, but then Kate was nowhere to be seen. He got home irritated and annoyed and they ended up having a big row.
“Si amas una flor que vive en una estrella, es bello mirar el cielo durante la noche.
From ‘Paan Singh Tomar’ to ‘Vicky Donor’, word of mouth has ensured that good films do not go unnoticed.
Dropping the Chinese soldier roughly on the ground, Pitcher reached into the cargo pocket of his pants and pulled out a small metal box the size of an Altoids tin. The box was wrapped in duct tape. Pitcher peeled a length of duct tape from the box and secured it over the smaller man’s mouth. The man’s eyes fluttered as he began to regain full consciousness. Pitcher put his index finger to his lips signaling to the man that he should remain silent.
Tripping on my sodding dress as I walked up the aisle..certain that if I did it again the strapless creation I was wearing would suddenly disappear down to my ankles…..attempting to kick the hoop thing supporting the skirt forwards as I processed.
There is nothing at all shameful about being a “nerd”– although, caring about your grades does not make you a “nerd.” Whoever says otherwise is just intimidated because they think you are smarter than them. And they’re probably right about that.
We will be selling our normal stock from the hut plus there is a raffle.
When the piano concluded and the violin took up one of Paganini’s Variations, the mood changed and the piece took off. Partnerings became compelling; patterns gained in interest and complexity; and humor was injected into the proceedings. There was a freshness and vibrancy to the dancing, particularly in the lovely lyricism of Soojin Choi. The insouciant pseudo-tutus on the ballerinas and peplum vests on the male dancers abetted the humor, reminding me of a Commedia dell’Arte cast of characters and their childlike antics.
The proverbial examples have to do with war, such as the need to destroy Carthage (i.e., Carthago delenda est). Natura est amanda, for instance, means ‘nature should be loved’ which implies an active subject in the relationship even if it the continuation of the thought could focus on the ways that nature ‘should be loved’ (i.e., as opposed to ways of ‘loving’). In reality, our language is designed to focus on a supposed ‘passivity’ or ‘activity’ for the sake of description, whereas every action can be described from a myriad of points of view.
and helpless…okay, maybe let’s skip a few years. In January 2010, I had a baby (a wonderful, magnificent, sweet baby named Ben). He slept through the night from under 3 months old, in addition to napping 3-plus hours in the day. Being on maternity leave, I had an AWFUL lot of free time on my hands that I was COMPLETELY not used to having (a year—I live in Canada). So naturally, instead of relaxing, I decided to write a book—something I’ve always wanted to do, but had been too intimidated to try.
Using my mind to hone in, I start to get nearer, and feel the voices.
My skin is on the white side. Because of that, my eyebrows look a lot stronger and my double eyelids make me look young for my age. (Baekhyun: How can your eyebrows look strong?) If Kai’s double eyelids are considered charismatic, mine look as if they could embrace anything.
However, as the vet explained, we are not even half way there yet. She has shown as much improvement as we could ever have hoped for over the last 8 or 9 weeks - now he wants to see how she maintains that as she comes back into more work. He still doesn't want us to do any work in the arena, as he thinks that may well have contributed to her lameness originally; so we keep doing the straight line work, but he wants me to build her up to an hour of walk at least every other day, starting to introduce some trot after the first four or five weeks. I can vary this with long-reining and ridden work.
~ kirsty
“From what we found, women are subjected to a variety of abortion abuses as a matter of routine. Violating the law is standard operating procedure for abortion clinics in Texas,” he added.
More information on chainsaw operation and safety can be found at Tim's website www.ForestApps.com
I'll lock your jaw til you cant talk
"It is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled, or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes up short again and again, who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, and spends himself in a worthy cause, who at best knows achievement, and who at worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory nor defeat."
Here's my list of 15 dinners, in no particular order, because determining the day I'm going to eat a meal?? Well, let's just say Hell hasn't frozen over yet. We eat fruit with every meal, so that isn't listed.
May 5: Mercury opposes Saturn
One thing my summary doesn't capture is how freaking funny this book is. I could name a dozen scenes that had me laughing out loud, and the loose, anything-can-happen structure of the book reminds me of my favorite seventies movies. And if you have lived in Texas for anytime at all, McMurtry's descriptions are going to bowl you over. From drunken, academic Austin to swampy Houston to the dry expanses of West Texas and the contradictions of the Valley, McMurtry knows Texas.
4) This is going to bring me some backlash but: should we not give the state the power to sterilize insane women in the hopes that it would stop the Yates’, Sanchez’s and Schlosser’s of the world??
9 entire
Once you spend a little time with Springpad, you’ll undoubted find it to be very useful in many aspects of your daily life too.
Beat drum and old tin pot, I’m high on you know what
There are <U+0430> number <U+043E>f av<U+0430><U+0456>l<U+0430>ble hard drive data recovery services today. These involve hard disk repair services, data recovery software services, <U+0430>nd <U+0455><U+043E>m<U+0435> more. The amount <U+043E>f time that th<U+0435><U+0455><U+0435> ava<U+0456>labl<U+0435> hard drive data recovery services m<U+0430><U+0443> tak<U+0435> t<U+043E> recovery <U+0430>ny lost files highly depends <U+043E>n wh<U+0430>t type <U+043E>f service <U+0456>s done. As <U+0443>ou m<U+0430>y know, ther<U+0435> <U+0430>re the so-called standard, expedited <U+0430>nd emergency hard drive data recovery services.
"I remember being incredibly unselfconscious," says Bush
According to both the editors, there is room at Egmont for anything. In fact, although the market has gone down recently, Egmont Fiction grew.
The Braves just lost in the 13th. The Cardinals have already won their game.. ‘
1 Roedelius* - Johanneslust 4:58
This office is a great resource for not only those in the professional word, but to retiree's, empty nesters, and just about anyone within the community who has a desire to learn something new. Those currently in the workforce will be interested to know that they offer numerous certificate programs, such as Alabama Planning Institute, GIS, Public Safety & Leadership and Paralegal. There are also courses in MBA prerequisites, law enforcement training, and professional development. UNA is now an official testing center for the Microsoft Office Specialist exams and they offer courses that help to prepare for these exams.
When you trace your wrinkles, criss-crossed
The formula is rather simple.
By the way, doesn’t Shibutani look a bit like Johnny Depp in that screenshot? It’s a good look for him. Crystal Kay might have been even more enthusiastic, doing the rhythm to the Neon Genesis Evangelion opening song:
Well, I see Terrell has read the Suge Knight handbook on conflict resolution. Terrell's lawyer says they will fight the charges and prove his innocence.
I had initially attempted to use the video component of the iPad 2 to make audio recordings of students reciting poems for two voices. (From Messing Around on the Monkey Bars and Other School Poems for Two Voices by Betsy Franco.) I was not impressed with the audio – in fact, the audio was so sensitive it picked up all sorts of extraneous noise in a busy classroom environment and made the recording less crisp and clear. As a result of this semi-failed attempt, I sought out Garage Band – and things have been dreamy ever since! The quality of voice recording – which is all we have used so far – is terrific.
"You're saying Jehovah died and rose, too?"
It isn’t real. No matter what happens…
“NO! Quiet!
Bobby is up on top inside Cody’s half guard. Short elbows from Brents from the top. Now Cody turns nad Boby has his back. Brents works for a side choke, but Cody works his way out and gets to his feet where Brents still has him pinned against the cage.
Moving forward, yes, there are going to be risks, but aren’t there risks with any pregnancy? Maybe the risks are higher, but there are multiples born everyday that are healthy and normal. Our first daughter was an at-risk pregnancy. The doctor didn’t give her very good odds either. She is a miracle baby!
“Our conference now represents the ultimate annual marketers’ boot camp for a wide range of topics related to Hispanic PR and social marketing,” said Manny Ruiz, conference organizer and publisher of the Hispanic PR Blog. “Our new case study-driven sessions on marketing to Latino youth strengthen our convention’s unique value proposition.”
"True" or stringent nullification "occurs when the jury recognizes that a defendant's act is proscribed by the law but acquits because it does not believe the act should be proscribed. The behavior, in other words, is not criminal in the eyes of the jury."
While in her mother's garden, A.J. stumbles-literally-on the body of her mother's current beau. Now A.J. is going to have to find her balance and solve the murder without getting tied up in knots.
Have you ever felt that you always wanted to do something, but never had the guts to do so? I know that I have. I have always wanted to learn how to dance, in school we had to learn to the basics in waltz, line dance, salsa and bugg (a Swedish dance that is included in the Swing Dance family.) Dance is not that common anymore, and NO go dancing in a night club is not a proper dance. Anyone can dance in a night club, you only need to shake your body and follow the rhythm in the music and it is even easier to do so if you have alcohol in your body. This week I’ve got the guts to start learning swing dance, for those who don’t know what swing dance is can look at this video:
The light changed. She saw me looking at her. She smiled.
You used to work on the publishing side of things. As a writer, is having that behind-the-scenes knowledge helpful? Is it ever a hindrance?
Of course it's going to be hand quilted and I want to quilt inside the applique with red and green threads. I thought that if I used a solid off white wide back, it might look ugly with those threads on the back but then again, it would show up the trapunto.
Next month, we'll be back to the Coney as usual.
Michigan’s unemployment rate, consistently higher than the national average, soared above 15 percent between 2009 and 2010. No state, not even Katrina-stricken Louisiana, had seen this kind of unemployment in 25 years.
228 ***2. “Citizenship, Prudence and the Classics.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, February 1, 1990, p. 5, February 8, 1990, p. 5. (Sources: Item B-3, above, pp. 279-83 (1983), and Item D-VI/19/1974, below.)
We also received the Kids of VirtueVille Coloring Book, available as a PDF download ($3.00), a cute coloring book featuring each of the VirtueKids. This provides a nice reinforcement of the characters, but Emily was a bit too old to use this item.
60g Cheddar (grated)
The Impression Obsession challenge for this week is "It's a cupcake kind of day." If you'd like to participate for the opportunity to win twenty-five stampin' dollars for the IO store, you have till 9 pm Friday night...check here for details. Take some time to stop by to see the delightful creations there, and see what the design team has done too. Their blogs are listed on the right hand sidebar.
The plan for today is to trace wires and mark them on the panel which the previous owner never got around to doing. If the power comes on I might never know otherwise as I have shut off the Main Breaker since we are unsure as to what breakers go to the Water Heater and The Boiler.
For the next batch I want to try to get more banana than clove and hopefully a little creamier body via less carbonation and yeast attenuation. I'm going to try using a liquid yeast instead of the dry. The dry was good, but not the profile I want.
I want to live. I don’t want to go a single day without going outside, without soaking up goodness, all of this life, everything offered beautiful and whole.
Back of book blurb for Huey's Story
For security in the rough.
I do not need to tell anyone here about the importance of this statistic. Males aged 18-30 of course, are those who wage war, and history tells us that even though they may be outnumbered by moderates, the fanatical minority are always the ones who seize power and the fanatical minority are always the ones who initiate war.
could kill you
It was a lie.
Another Six Sisters’ recipe. Five ingredients is right up ally, and who doesn’t like Chocolate Chip Cookies? Check out the recipe at the Six Sisters’ Stuff blog.
This means that the key is to engage them from the commencement of your conversation. You need to strive to establish a quality first impression, which correlates to a degree of credibility, honesty and transparency. This will help generate a positive way of classifying you as a candidate from the beginning of your discourse with a prospective employer. A candidate can potentially facilitate an optimistic and encouraging mentality in their minds, which should ideally carry over to the actual interview.
The Muslim scripture actually condemns the Christians for believing that Jesus is God’s Son, saying that Allah will fight against them for believing in such a thing:
(3) confiscation of illicit profits;
I took a shortcut at the end (imagine that) by melting the cheese over the previously toasted bread in the microwave and then spooning the finished soup around it. The bread really soaked it up. I was delighted with the outcome. I didn't think this dish was within my cooking finesse. It does take a bit of time, but the results are worth the effort. Bon Appetit!
‘But I can’t, just…’ Felicity was starting to realise that Petro thought he was telling the truth.
I’ll let you know when I get a response.
No cop wants to expose NHS staff to risks that they genuinely believe they need help to face. But at the same time, compounding problems by doing the wrong thing is just as bad or worse should disaster occur. I can give examples where my officers and I have attended inpatient units and the mere presence of uniformed police calmed down a situation sufficiently to allow NHS staff to get on with things. No assaults, threats or resistance. But that is not always enough:
no fact
All in all, the book was enjoyable to read and I would recommend to everyone who love music romance and drama.
But i may dare to share some reflection with you...
-6 more bumGenius 4.0 one-size (in both hook and loop and snaps)
There is this one spot where birds just fly around everywhere in this contained area, of course, and they almost hit you in the head sometimes. This one just sat there and we could almost pet it. I never like to spend too much time in here because we have been nailed by a bird in previous visits!
All in all it was a wonderful backpack. Fall is my favorite season for hiking, and it was luxurious to get to spend a night alone in the wilderness with a roaring fire and cool night air. I'm also happy to have gotten a few of the "dead-end" trails finished off from this section of the park. A couple more loops and I'll have the whole Cades Cove / Abrams Creek section of the park finished (assuming they ever open up Beard Cane and Hatcher Mountain trails again...).
Orombi said the Global South took the Decade of Evangelism seriously. Most African provinces grew steadily, even uncontrollably. Not so with the Global North churches. The Western world debated human sexuality. They did not grow.
The A-Team theme song. It takes me back to a time when the world (for my generation) was simpler, safer and more innocent. Then it makes me miss all the good shows when I was a kid, like V (the original series with Marc Singer), old school Doctor Who and MacGuyver. And Reading Rainbow. I LOVED that show as a kid and even as an adult. Yes, Sesame Street helped teach me how to read, but it was Reading Rainbow that taught me WHY to read.
question of finding other sounds that would suit the texture. I
Replenished .
Ingredients: Water, Cetearyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Cetyl Alcohol, PPG-2 Myristyl Ether Propionate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Stearalkonium Chloride, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Distearate, Dimethicone, Caprylyl Glycol, Stearyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Citric Acid, Tetrasodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Yellow 5 (CI 19140), Yellow 6 (CI 15985), Linalool, Limonene, Hexyl Cinnamal, Fragrance .
58. Forever: Judy Blume
Sucker!
Bake for 50 to 55 minutes, or until a think knife inserted deep into the center of the cake comes out clean. Transfer the pan to a rack to cool for 5 minutes before unmolding and cooling the cake to room temperature. If possible, once the cake is completely cool, wrap well in plastic and let it stand overnight at room temperature to ripen the flavors.
In 2005, Keith was working for a company that several offices in California, and he flew out several times, mostly to San Jose.
Sharshar had gone on a trip. Had been away for while. Pretending he’d joined an expedition to a town where knowledge and schools were in abundance. He said he’d met a gifted old man while attending a forum. The scholar had agreed to teach him a secret craft after he’d spotted in him great reserves of talent………….
Unlike the Da Vinci code, I found this to be stimulating, enjoyable and very readable novel...despite some of the more graphic scenes that I could probably have done without.
Prince
Of all the Temples I visited, my personal pick is Pura Taman Saraswati, at Ubud within the palace premises, dedicated to the Goddess that is my namesake – Saraswati Devi (for knowledge, wisdom and intellect). Frangipani trees, lotus stalks a foot above the water, well-preserved motiffs, absolute serenity, flecks of red, gold – green waters and ivy …the place is for those who seek solitude in prayer.
Or because of what they are capable of making you into? That they are inspiring, and encouraging, and kind and complementary to your personality such that when you're with them, you feel your life is moving forward and they move along with you.
Explore the caverns
*I don't recommend consuming raw eggs. You're on your own with that--well you'll be doing it with along with me, but not because I told you to!
It is not just this college. It is also building outstanding university programmes at NUS, NTU and SMU.
callous on the side of my thumb already!
Studio 3.5, Level 3, Metro Arts, 109 Edward Street, Brisbane City
'This' is not me. I wish that I could wake up tomorrow and feel normal -- just like I used to a year ago. Some days I just want to cry. Some days, I do. But mostly, I just wish that they'll figure out what's wrong with me and make me better.
unused
1 virtues
Reuben got a hair cut, more like a shave, doesn’t look like a Collie any more. But I know it’s cooler.
Bret Contreras has a nice video talking about the ab mat and demoing the eccentric portion of the crunch.
Trix Prize Pack: Eileen B
So you have to keep coming back!
Soon after this Naru’s father and other men spearheading the path for independence track down Ao with little regard to Naru. Following this Rebecca of Pied Piper goes to negotiate Elena’s return and is met with some hostility while Fleur helps with the rescue operations and Ivica heads off to talk with someone about the Nirvash’s pilot.
I saw this when I was a young teen and dreamed of being a ballerina myself. Several of the dancers from my studio got together and drooled over it on many occassions. This will remain in my heart as my number one ballet movie because of the mirror of real events in Baryshnikov's life at the time, and the whirlwind of Anne Bancroft and Shirley MacLaine together.
In the Middle third, the protagonist travels to her Guru’s Ashram in India and spends her time there mostly in meditation. When she is in scene in this section, it is often with Richard from Texas who is a hoot and a compassionate mentor.
Automatic Bid: Conference-USA Champions
As for a god like that. No. There are no other gods that are so bipolar as the god of the bible. Bloodthirsty maniac one minute, loving father figure the next that is still going to condemn countless innocents because they don’t believe in him.
Kristine at Yee Sim’s hilltop house!
I cant wait to plant our seedlings into our flower box this weekend. Im also very excited to spruce up our garden and get cute little garden ornaments for it. PS. when I was 8 there was no way that I ever thought I would say that
This is where I bring in my older man, he has been great for me when it comes to my childhood and my struggles. I am not a good problem solver, I struggle with being about to say the things on my mind, I punish myself too often…it’s a real battle, more than most people know and understand. He understands me, gets it, takes the time to know what’s going on, takes the time to learn me, to help me…he listens. This is one major advantage to being with my older man, he is patient and understanding. When most people have walked away, he has stuck around and refuse to leave. He loves me no matter what, he understands I’m human, knows I make mistakes, and I am forever grateful to have him in my life. I need to be more like him in this part of the relationship. I used to forgive and forget too quickly and got hurt too much…I need to learn to do that again for him. I need to be better at this whole relationship thing and I plan on working on it for him. It’s time I get some help for myself, it’s time I break free from everything in my past. I want to be the best person I can be and I want to do better for myself and for him.
If you hope to live in a bustling community with traditional historic roots, look no further than the Little Italy district in the heart of downtown San Diego. Condos in downtown San Diego, California are sophisticated, urban, and in high demand.
One night after the juke joint with Dragon Lady, I did vent. All the anger about the circumstance of the break-up from the jewel-eyed girl and its subsequent shrapnel bubbled to the surface in a beer and whiskey-lanced rant. Madam Lung for the most part just listened, allowing me to purge my ire to small hours shadows.
All of this “organizing” I’ve been involved in since the beginning of the year has forced, willingly forced, me to look at my life. I’ve been going through a lifetime of papers saved, and making choices on what to keep and what to throw away. As I have been finishing unfinished projects, I see the diversity of my interests over the years. I have acquired many skills along the way in the areas of craft, art, writing, cooking, gardening, reading, and all the secretarial, office, and business skills of my work world. But, now, in the final third of my life, I need to focus.
Eyes: Tick: Tock Infinity base in Milky Way. Evil Shades The Naughty List used in outer crease and under outside portion of lower lid. ES The Arena used on lid and also used to blend crease color and up to brow. Black pencil liner on upper lid and water line, one coat black mascara.
Global Warming rhetoric is still couched in the usual social justice rhetoric, aimed at the poorer kleptocracies who are eager to join the line for a handout, but its logic is poverty driven. It is not out to create wealth, but to eliminate it, on the grounds that cheaply available food or electricity is an immoral activity that damages the planet.
This week and next week, we're running a query letter clinic. We'll be looking at two types of query letters: the kind you send to agents and editors to get them to want to read your manuscript, and the kind you send to reviewers to get them to read your novel. We'll pick 5 random query letters this coming weekend and post them on our site one letter per day next week for analysis based on our experiences with querying. Commenters can leave helpful thoughts on why they might or might not request these manuscripts.
2. My Little Grass Shack
Hi everyone, I have not posted in a few days, I have been working on things, but nothing is finished but have some thing coming up so come back see what it's all about.
Now, without the unnecessary baggage:
David Suzuki: New rules make it easier for Canadian government to harm the environment
“You cannot play the game of life with sweaty palms.” -”Dr. Phil”, Phillip C. McGraw
Back to Lizzie and Phil.
To Alix “Osa, drop it!”
Very sharp.
Anders Mogensen has been one of the leading modern jazz drummers in Denmark for the last 10 years. He has recorded with Gary Thomas, Niels Lan Doky, Copenhagen Art Ensemble, Ray Anderson among many others. His playing is complex but swinging and his personal sound on the drums is an important part of the music played in the band.
You can transfer your favorite music and play it in the background while reading.
As well as creating the illusion of texture in drawing, artists use the inherent qualities of a medium combined with other forms of drawing, such as smooth blending, rough shading, hatching or scumbling, to create extra interest inside of the work.
4/28 – Philadelphia, PA – Temple University
There is little doubt about Colton almost dying. Going five days before being diagnosed with a ruptured appendix. By then his body was full of infection. The doctors left tubes in Colton’s abdomen to drain the infection. His ordeal lasted 15 days, Colton was released from the hospital. Burpo gives credit the prayers of God’s people for the miraculous deliverance of Colton death.
Cuts right through me
I am so blown away. I feel compelled to buy it for everyone I know.
This leap reminded Xu Guan of his first training tower jump. He and his classmates had jumped from a ten meter platform into a sandpit below. They had been drilled over and over again to keep their feet and knees together – to transfer the impact of the jump up the sides of their lower legs and knees and then up through the sides of their torsos.
RT
The Council for Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR), India’s premier civilian scientific research establishment has recently disclosed in response (available here) to a RTI Application filed by me that it has spent a whopping Rs. 74.24 crores or Rs. 74,24,00,000 on securing patents for its inventions in India and foreign countries. Of the Rs. 74.24 crores, only a paltry sum of Rs. 1.78 crores was spent on securing the Indian patents. The remaining Rs. 72.46 crores was spent on securing patents around the world including jurisdictions like the U.S., Japan & the E.U. Image from here.
Total Mileage Last Week: 25
I also used one of the same chargers that I have on the breakfast table and a set of matching coasters. Kind of gives the room a tropical look with the rush seats of the benches showing through the glass top of the table.
Walter Manzke (Le Saint Amour, Church & State, Bastide) Santa Barbara Prawns Thai Curry, Spring Pea
Person Number 2 at the Register:
and even those who nobody respects
I think, more true than funny.
To the teacher that gave your son/daughter a D
Peter Markle (Wagons East)
Actually, there are a couple of statues of Sybil and she has her own stamp, but I had never heard of her. There are so many things we weren’t taught in school!
Here are 5 tips to creating economic efficiency in your business.
An interesting trend, I have stumbled upon.
Schweinsteiger faced Casillas to complete an unlikely rout to embarrass Jose Mourinho. The final kick rubbed salt into the La Liga campaign that saw Barcelona bow out to Chelsea 24 hours earlier and of course, setting up a potential thriller between the Blues and Bayern who will be hosts. Both finalist will play their respective FA Cup final matches before the Champions League final.
The "she" who shared this story with me is C., a mom of 3 from Cameroon (west Central Africa) who works & attends Howard U. full time. C. had just finished giving a class presentation. The "punk" is one of many American Black students who openly and unapologetically "diss" Africans because of the way they dress, the way they speak, the way their food smells, the sounds they make when they speak their native language, or any other aspect of their culture or being that can be singled out for insult.
For Milena.
The Union cabinet meets this evening to decide on including a column on “caste” in the 2011 censu, a move seen as a tacit quid pro quo for the support of the the OBC leaders Mulayam Singh Yadav, Lalu Prasad Yadav and Sharad Yadav for their support in getting the cut motion passed in Parliament.
In 1965 Romney was eighteen years old, easily old enough to determine the difference between right and wrong. And if he did not know it then, what makes us think he knows it now?
Before pan-frying or use, make sure the tofu are pat-dry.
II. Encrypt the data
at first i thought that topps screwed up and put jason schmidt on a randy wolf card, but then i saw his name at the bottom. there are seemingly 200 cards of schmidt as a dodger for each of his 3 los angeles wins.
So, I have really, really, really knotty hair (even my hairdresser said I have unusually knotty hair). So while browsing through Asos I came upon the Tangle Teezer. Now I had heard about it before but never really believed what it could do. But after reading some reviews and watching some videos, I decided: huh, imma buy! That’s how I came to have a tangle teezer, in PINK!
How did you find us?
I had literally just started thinking about what project we'd tackle when I walked outside and much to my surprise John and Reed had come up with an idea and nearly had it completed to boot! I didn't even know John knew about the project.
Can you imagine Stockport Council, nominating themselves for an award for how they handled the media over the death of 11-year-old Sam Linton at Offerton High School? It’s unthinkable. Why then, do we do it? Apart from an almost pathological desire to squeeze any kind of praise from even the most appalling mess up, I really cannot fathom the answer.
The Role: When it arrived on film, the role of 'The Girl' gave us this iconic Marilyn image. It unfortunately had less effect on the career of Austrian-born Vanessa Brown, who originated the role.
It's Wednesday! That means it's time to head over to the Sisterhood of the Shrinking Jeans and post our stats for the week. I was amazed and thrilled when I got on the scale this morning. I am down .1 pounds. You are probably laughing now thinking I have lost it if I am happy about a loss of .1 pounds, but I am pretty darn happy.
dry the baby. older son is asking you about punk
pronghorn antelope! one day in the far, far distance we spotted them. a herd of eight was moving from the south to the north across the plains. oh how we wanted to drive closer to see them, but just like in the serengeti, you must stay on the road (even if it is a narrow dirt one). so we turned around and headed north too, maybe a mile ahead of the antelopes, until we found a road that led out into what we hoped would be closer to their path in passing...
...Goes to Jail for Stealing a Donut from a Cop CDr Self-Released
b). Thank God the new master bomb-maker is a double agent and makes bombs that don’t explode. And thank God our Israeli friends, who recruit the terrorists, carefully select the wimps and morons to make sure they could do no physical harm to us.
6. Distribute the pasta and squash evenly into four bowls.
It is very difficult being a Teacher.
There's a lot of musical and cultural give-and-take on Canibalismo, out May 8. No one sound dominates, but all the influences point in one way or another toward cumbia, the Colombian two-step with roots in Africa. Cumbia spread throughout Latin America and when it landed in Peru, something magical happened, and it became chicha. Ultimately, it turns out that the fermentation process is applicable with both chicha the drink and chicha the music: Various ingredients, left to commingle and absorb each other, create something vaguely familiar and yet new.
Ladies and gentleman (and those that don't fall in either category) if this happens to you, call 911 immediately!!
Level 15: Mastery: +63%, Weapon ATT: +15, Minimum Critical Damage: +8%.
The tricolour in the canton of the Orange Free State flag is thought to be based on the tricolour which was used at Swellendam & Graaff-Reinet where the first Boer Republics were declared in 1795.
Because without us directing their activities and running over every time they yelp out of boredom or distress, they will actually learn how to do that thing many kids (including, to a certain extent, my own) have never really gotten the hang of: How to entertain themselves, without the help of adults or electronics. How to organize a game. How to, uh, play.
Oh, and if you haven't guessed yet, yes, I am a first year participant in NaNoWriMo.
What is it like for a bat to be a bat,
resist tearing
Hey kids! You wanna make a sequel that people who watched your first film will clamber for? Just use footage from your first film in it! Lots of it! MOST of it! Cram it all into the first half if you can! Yeah, Silent Night Deadly Night Part 2 takes pride in the fact that, during Ricky's analysis segment with Doctor Bloom (James Newman), which consists of, say, 75-80% of the film itself, we get an outright clip show of Silent Night Deadly Night itself, right down to several scenes involving Billy's murder sequences and the murder of his and Ricky's parents (when Ricky was a baby himself, mind you), as well as scenes where there was no possible way Ricky could have even been present! It doesn't make a lick of sense, especially when you consider that it was big brother Billy whom was taking care of business.
Then for some unknown reason, I threw it in my bag when we were packing for our recent biking vacation, and one evening, I actually picked it up and started reading it. (Oh come on, don't tell me that you pack books and never read them. Happens to me all the time.) And you know what? I found myself hooked.
Watching how cows, pigs and chickens were treated just so we can eat meat made a huge impression on me ~ so much so that I am not sure I can eat meat again. I have lived my life disassociated from the fact that those lovely plump chicken breasts actually belonged to a living, breathing chicken once upon a time, a chicken that was given hormones to promote record breaking weight gain, a chicken that was kept in a chicken house in the dark, living in their own feces, sometimes being pecked to death.
I like the way they use technology. This includes a really cool, hi-tech Jumbotron-type screen with a real-time view in the Overture Center’s Playhouse of the keyboard as two pianists (below, Randall Hogkinson in the striped blue shirt and Jeffrey Sykes in the solid blue shirt) played Samuel Barber’s souvenirs.
Mage, Level 2 (High), Sigil of Asuryan, Dragonbane Gem
How many of us will come to the end of our lives satisfied with what we have done? At that stage we will probably think, “I wish I had done more with that which God gave me.” Assuredly no one will say, “I did too much.”
if i don't have a schedule and some one to push me, i tend to, let it slide.
9And he has been our guide to this place, and has given us this land, a land flowing with milk and honey.
The reality is, the owner is moving in to do repairs and update the unit. So eventually, he will want to move into our unit. Or work around us. He mentioned that and while my company was not okay with doing that with the upstairs neighbors, they are okay with doing that with us because...well, I work for them. I also think it might just be easier for us to temporarily move upstairs while repairs/remodeling is done in our unit, but we will see.
Away from my mate, treated with kindness and fed like a king, he became a pleasure to be with---he had time every day in a paddock with my broodmare, he had an hour tied up and groomed, he followed as I led him on our daily walk and was happy to be led behind the cart of horses that we were working.
Yesterday at the dinner table a new sign made its appearance: eye-rolling! My goodness. And last week, after a family dinner in our little downtown, he ditched us to hang out with his friends on First Friday (when the shops are open past 5 or 6). He was part of a roaming pack of teenagers! (We sort of observed at a distance for part of the time and hoped, when they were out of sight, that they were behaving nicely.)
DT: Not so much their culture, but we'll certainly see much more of the giants in Crown Thief, and get more of a sense of what makes them tick.
Crafty hugs to you all, and thank you for reading.
Thankfully, though they do wake each other up occasionally, and although nap time has officially turned into "rest time," they are doing well with the transition.
1981 – Chariots of Fire
Two tiny fridge magnets. A blue and gold postcard of the bold lion of St Mark on the façade of the Clock Tower. Two Pinocchio pens for small people. Assorted tickets and receipts to remember restaurants and hotels.
1) I looove classic black and white horror movies and thrillers like Pyscho. I'd rather watch something psychological and terrifying than gory movies.
Oh well. I'm not sorry I haven't been divulging all of this in more gory detail, whether the self-congratulation or the self-flagellation. I can appreciate the appeal of the juice - I like reading the covers of tabloids as much as the next guy on the checkout line - but I guess I'm not much good at providing it.
As I have pointed out blacks and whites continued buying land from each other…
Après avoir vu au ciné Avengers (qui est pas mal du tout !), un petit hommage à Black Widow, interprétée par Scarlett Johansson (miam !) dans le film.
I was somewhere outside of Ludlow, California, headed due east for Kentucky, when I realized that I would be a liar for the rest of my life.
Or older men.
So today I got to practice what is called, in OCD treatment, an “exposure.” That means dealing with something that makes me anxious and check-y; in this case, I got distracted by work and was unable to complete something that’s generally supposed to be finished at the end of the week. By the time I found out, none of the people who could help fix it were available. There was literally nothing I could do.
I wish I could do that
The year was 1960, and it was never the same without "it".
a frenzy of wings
Swift Forest Strider – 180 Darkmoon Tokens
Kyla Schmidt
During the last several years that Dad was on active faculty in the Computer Science department of McMaster University, he taught a course of ‘introduction to programming for physical science majors’ or something like that. The term project that he liked to assign was a team affair, with each team picking a card game, and developing a program that would play the game both in ‘one human user versus the computer’ mode, or a mode in which all players were controlled by the computer. He converted many of his favorite programs into versions that would run on our PC-XT clone home computer, and I loved to play on them. I don’t think that there was ever a Tyzicha program, but I remember Bismarck and Five Hundred, Euchre and Ombre.
PSALM 130:3-4 NIV
Ah well, only 365 days to next year's anniversary. Damn that Leap year day.
Meanwhile, all Asians ever hear about is how America is THE NUMBER ONE BEST with GREAT OPPORTUNITIES and how NO ONE EVER STARVES, etc.
We'll start with the first. This includes everyone who writes in Yiddish who is not Chasidic. For lack of a better word, we'll call them secular Yiddish writers, though their ideological, religious, and cultural sympathies run the gamut from the settler poetry of Velvl Chernin to the loud radicalism of songwriter Daniel Kahn. They are the heirs to the literary tradition of Eastern Europe and America, what was Yiddish literature with a capital L: a social phenomenon complete with newspapers, journals, books, printers, publics, writers, controversies, scandals, sex, and violence.
In his eyes you see no pride
I think it’s supposed to be a reward for racing but it still tasted good.
The pattern is one I wrote back in 2006; it’s hard to believe it’s been THAT long!
“In passing, it is also noteworthy that the American revolution only triumphed because of outside military intervention, by the imperialist powers of the Netherlands, Spain and France – the last two of which, of course, had their own large colonial empires in the Western hemisphere.”
I ran down that dirt road, and when I reached the paved highway, I put my thumb out and caught a ride. The driver drove me to a halfway house in Charlotte. From there I called an old boyfriend who wired me money for a plane ticket back to Gainesville. I dyed my hair pitch black when I returned there.
Me...and you (but honestly, mostly me)!
I tried pushing these heavy thoughts out of my mind but they refused to budge. It was a fitful night.
Tom Shiltz-Guitar/Organ
For the buttercream filling
Liberals – be they political or theological (they’re invariably the same people, for what it’s worth) – have abandoned so many truths that it is becoming increasingly impossible for them to comprehend ANY truth at all. And that’s why we’re seeing more and more craven jackasses like Dan Savage crawling out of the left.
Say what!? We didn't have to pay as much as we thought in taxes!? Thank you 3rd child exemption - Jesus is Lord! Fried Pies... that's right... 49 cents.
Maybe that means getting a personal trainer to show you around the gym.
Composite Bro Score: 4.5 bros out of 5.
I am swimming in the post-Christmas clutter, and I have had enough of it.
Take it to the Lord in prayer.
grew rich by her wealth!'
I also sent Sally Evans a wee bit of video on her bee talk at the Callander Poetry Festival back in the autumn. I really enjoyed hearing her speak so knowledgably on the subject, and it has only increased my yen to have a hive, as well as some bantam hens. Sally has added it to an fantastic new section she has on her website, which is all about bees, click here
I know---fighting a battle for our hearts seems more like something out of a romance novel than an article on rules of engagement. But if you and I are going to move through the losses of life, we must devise and be intentional about executing a battle plan to care for our hearts after losses assault. In other words, we must learn the rules of engagement.
Mallin contended, is necessary and medically appropriate.
It hit me that I need to put off the "natural mom".
The morcilla and apple slaw on toast is the only disappointment, the blood sausage sliced a little too meagerly and over-seared so the delicate flavour and texture has been lost. The apple slaw is swaddled in mayonnaise so it's more heavy than refreshing.
I'm now in the pub garden, listening to the larks in the neighbouring field of wheat. The valley has been at its most astonishing today. We had a barbie in the garden and everything was jaw droppingly beautiful.
Our little boy is so resilient. And I know in general, children are resilient. But would you please join us in prayer as we are scheduled for a small surgery for Jensen, to have tubes put in his ears.
I have done a Christmas card, hmmm well it is just around the corner (have you done all your Chrissy shopping )
The public may well vilify these characters, but the ‘spend, spend, spend’ mentality that typifies their actions pervades Chinese society from top to bottom. A recent interview in the China Daily with pensioner Yu Ping commenting on how inflation has changed her life drives this ethos home. By no means a decadent big-spender, Ping talks about how the increase in prices and loss of interest rates has completely changed her attitude to money: “I used to love saving up, but money has become a lot less valuable in the bank,” she says. “So I figure I should spend it where it is needed and enjoy life.” Putting it bluntly, if even the lowliest of peasants wants to start dishing out the cash, then everybody else – all the way up the ladder from desperately poor to obscenely rich – will be wanting to do exactly the same.
But now onto Crater Lake! It was beautiful!!!!!!! This trip was filled with volcanic activity. Crater Lake is actually an ancient volcano the caved in on itself and filled with water. The explosion that created the caldera was one of the largest in the US and it produced an ask cloud that was 15 times larger then Mt. St. Helen's explosion, spreading ash as far as Yellowstone. Its the deepest lake (1949ft) in the US, the 9th deepest in the world, and is known for how blue it is. The rim was so massive and was hard to grasp the sheer magnitude of it's size, and the cliff drops were crazy! There is an island in the middle, Wizard Island, that was formed by recent volcanic activity. I want to go back there sometime and stay at the lodge! It's so cute! And you can hike down the rim and take a boat to Wizard Island and hike to the top! Sounds so fun!!!
I visited Gettysburg in September 2010 with my fiance Tony. I walked alone out into the wide open pasture which was once the Wheat Field. I felt the thick dark energy that permiated the air, crushing my chest with its heavy weight. The silence screamed at me and I could almost hear the hot breath of wild eyed horses and charging foot soldiers all around me. I did not feel alone in the least.
In the 1947 flood
Since there was a good range in print size, the quality spectrum was also greatly varied. Those photographs with minimal post production had the best results, producing sharp, full tone range prints. This is mostly due to the manipulation of digital pixel, causing a softer edge and generally a more muted look.
The second problem is that it basis God’s limitation on people who are in the way of His benevolence. “God is asset rich – He owns it all. But He is cash poor – all His funds are in our hands.” This sort of reasoning is not consistent with good theology. In fact, it’s heretical to His nature. God is not limited in doing good. The premise suggest that God wants you to have that SUV. It’s only because people are selfish that you can’t have it.
in her hospital bed
The bronzer and blush retails for $75USD. It is held in a wooden magnetic compact that is similar to one of my all time favorite bronzers, the Sublime Radiant Powder (reviewed here). This also comes with a nice silk pouch with the iconic Pucci print. The first half of the powder is a bronzer and the latter half has 3 different blush shades - coral, dark pink, and pale pink.
2) Use the snipping tool and take part of your blog header.
After the second 800-foot ascent, my tired mare's pulse and respiration inverted. Veterinarians put us on mandatory hold while she puffed and puffed and finally recovered. It was about this time that Mr. Rojek crested Heartbreak Hill on his dappled grey Arabian gelding. His tailored pale blue shirt now bore a swath of blood across one sleeve and his neatly trimmed mustache showed a clump of mud. The visor of his helmet, too, was cracked and muddy, the evidence I heard later of his horse bolting across the river and scrambling madly up a bank into oncoming traffic on Route 12A. En route, the horse launched Mr. Rojek into a rock-strewn stretch of trail and galloped two miles towards the nearest town before someone caught him.
Buyer: C’mon give it a little cheaper!
Since spring has come and it's time to start getting ready to plant fruit and veggies again, I thought I would get a kickstart on things. A week ago I went out and bought this strawberry pot and some strawberry plants. When I got the plants they had little flowers on them. That night on the news they were interviewing some local farmers who had strawberry fields and they said that once you see the flowers, then you will usually get strawberries 30 days later. We had a cold front come in and the farmers here were afraid they were going to lose their crop, so they turned their sprinklers on that night to protect them from the weather. We've had quite a few more nights where it's got down to freezing temps, so I have to keep bringing my little strawberry planter inside the house at night before I go to bed.
There’s a lot of things in this world. Things we see every day. Things that have an incredible impact on our daily lives.
People want love, they need love, they give, and receive love. I’ll even go so far as to say it’s the primary way we were made in God’s image. If GOD IS LOVE, the totality, the essence, the embodiment, the fulfillment, the creator, and the conductor of LOVE, then the fact we do it and want it and make it and crave it and give and receive it is perfectly in keeping with our designed nature. We were made to love. It has to be easy!
As for adding chocolate, follow the recipe except add 1/4 cup cocoa powder and increase oil just a little bit (no more than an 1/8, but really I just eye-ball it). Adding cocoa complements the beet flavor quite nicely, making this recipe one of my favorites. You can even really go crazy and add chocolate chips.
to see
Then one day as she picked him up and bathed him before giving him his lunch, he turned his head to be able to look her in the face with his good eye and he smiled.
beat juice
Lollipop Sticks
2:35 p.m. — Flame out… and we’re chillin’.
Wormhole
I responded to the break-up melee message, asserting my understanding of the word loyalty. I’m loyal to people who respect and honor the dignity of life, and those who can handle emotion like adults without resorting to sandbox resolutions – pulling hair, kicking dirt on shoes, and destroying our toys. I’m loyal to actions and principles which are motivated by love. And yes, by survival too – within reason and reasonable context. For example, in parts of New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, the options were steal or starve. If ever the exception is to become the rule, then the matter of survival, in my view, is a reasonable impetus.
I couldn’t give him a blood transfusion because he had already lost a pint of blood. I couldn’t teach him how to read because no one had ever bothered to send him to school before me. I couldn’t help you because you needed help.
Some critics accused the Russians of cutting corners by using an old Atari game console to navigate the craft, while other critics say the new film in the Mission Impossible franchise, Ghost Protocol, is the best of the four.
I baked something a bit more conventional a rye bread made with beer instead of water. No I have water, but I used the beer to enhance the flavour of the rye and caraway seeds. This time I used a nice bottle of Sierra Nevada Pale Ale and half a bottle of San Miguel. I gave the Poolish (the very wet yeast starter) 18 hours to ferment then let the dough rise for 10 hours in an oiled bowl, formed it into loaves and let it slowly rise overnight in the unheated kitchen. Both of us love sourdough bread and the combination of long fermentation and the beer give this rye its unique tang. I did use the stoneground rye, white and whole wheat flours from Stoate’s and Sons, Cann Mill near Shaftsbury. Stoneground flour always adds to the flavour and texture for a good bread.
Most days, it’s enough to just go in the patisserie and admire. But one of these days soon, I’m going to have to decide which one of these lovelies comes home with me.
* 3/4 oz. Light Rum
how to efficiently and legally access teaching and research materials;
Dread at the disturbing tour de force of madness that was Cleo Laine. But also at the audience members Sir Jimmy was hanging around with throughout the show, who seemed to get more and more menacing as it went along. If the past really is a foreign land, it seems it's a foreign land we must sometimes mark with just three words.
Second place in Storefront Vanilla: PolkaDots
KG What do you want listeners to take from your music?
It is making peace with the “new” better, that can be the biggest challenge of life with auto-immune diseases such as lupus. Make peace we must, if we are to truly proceed with a life worth living.
United States Attorney Preet Bharara is merging two divisions in his Manhattan office.
“Renovations were not just done, they were badly done. So much so that it cost me a fortune to fix them. My advice for future home-buyers? Check every inch of your house. To home sellers, if you want to get the best resale value for your home, get your renovations done by an expert,” Lalitha says.
Improved Circulation and Heart Health
sing you only,
we could be two places at once
Reader bios (alphabetical):
This won't be a typical trade post. My scanner is down, so I wont be able to share all the cards I have recently received in trades. Like many collectors, I have cut back on my spending recently and only bought a small amount of Topps series one, especially when comparing it to last year. If Topps releases new value boxes this year that might change. Meanwhile I have been focusing on finishing some of my set projects, specifically 87', 88' and 89' Topps and 2011 Topps Kimball Minis and Heritage. Some card shop purchases have helped, but mostly generous trades have helped me nearly complete these sets. A quick thanks goes out to:
Thank you, again, for making me crazy.
In the God damn America of Barack Obama, the poor people that Obama promised his policies would save are (of course) unable to buy a house while watching their rents skyrocket.
There is a point to all this and hopefully those that perform and excel this week will get it ( x-fit apes will not)!
A letter dated May 12th and signed by the chairs of both the House and Senate Finance Committees says school officials should hold off on all projects still awaiting their approval.
Acting as if there was
And of course that’s exactly what we’ve seen in recent decades in industrial society. The Glass-Steagall Act, which imposed resilience on the US banking system at the cost of a fair amount of inefficiency, is a good example; it was gutted by an enthusiastically bipartisan majority, giving us the highly efficient but hopelessly brittle financial system we have today. Many other measures that put resilience into the system were also scrapped in the name of “competitiveness,” though it’s worth noticing that America’s ability to compete in any arena that doesn’t involve blowing large chunks of a Third World country to kingdom come has gone down steadily while these allegedly competitive measures have been at work. All of it, slogans aside, served to free up resources to maintain living standards for America’s privileged classes – a category that extends well down into the middle class, please note, and includes a great many people who like to denounce the existing order of American society in heated terms.
will you repent from your sin, turning from being the god of your own life and trusting in Jesus? do you have a better plan? because there is none.
Now she’s married
Lombardi interviewed over 1,000 moms online and in person. She found that nearly nine in ten moms described themselves as "extremely close" or "very close" to their sons. And the result of these close relationships is that we are creating a generation of boys who will become strong, loving spouses and partners, with a higher level of sensitivity and emotional intelligence. As Lombardi notes, "A new and growing body of scientific literature shows that sons who are close to their mothers are emotionally and physically healthier than those who are not."
His outburst was met with uncontrollable giggling. Next, Emma couldn't wait to see what sound I would make.
In the late 1980s, I was a Christian and I was perfectly sincere about it. Then at the turn of this Century, I was a Baha’i and just as zealous about that. And in both cases, I have turned away from those religions because I found them to be flawed and unworthy of my allegiance, perhaps even completely false, as many do believe. But if I had died at either time, would it have been fair for God to condemn me for following a false religion?
In a separate pan, bring the rest of the meat stock and the tomato paste to a boil; pepper and salt only if needed.
Walking away,
Nice, lightweight MP3 player. Random file downloads and audio bits that I need to listen to but don’t want squaloring up my perfect iTunes library get the treatment with Play. Also, since I haven’t set up the iScrobbler preferences in it, it doesn’t put stuff like voiceover_treatment_sample2.mp3 in my Last.fm music stream
Vermont's constitution is specific to Christians. Art. III " Nevertheless, every sect or denomination of Christians ought to observe the sabbath or Lord's day, and keep up some sort of religious worship, which to them shall seem most agreeable to the revealed will of God."
In the run-up to Kari Berit’s May 8 lecture at the MJCC, “The Unexpected Caregiver: How to Keep Mom and Dad Active, Safe, and Independent” (details), we’ll bring you a series of five articles by Kari about caregiving.
Bjorn Ulvaeus – The blonde haired dude
Winner: Orton
For all projects, budget is an important aspect. Keep track of progress and the bills accumulated. There should be a budget projection for each stage. An example :
After that date the nearest Mass will be around 70 miles distant, that may not sound too much, I am sure for those souls in Middlesborough, Portsmouth and elsewhere who have similar or even further distances to travel.
“I think when one work totally dominates an entire hall it might be said to be too numerous. It has never been this pronounced, has it? Even compared to previous booms, there was never anything dominating the event like this.”
Speaker-independent name dialling (SIND)
So I hope day #2 goes just as well as day 1 went.
so have you seen the new commercials for jc penney? they are acutally really funny, and star
This feeling of improbability of war ever coming to fruition was shared by most Sarajevans. We lived in a cosmopolitan city, city of art, culture, computers, and microwaves. Surely, wars only happen to those who are not in control of their national destiny. Wars happened to OTHERS! Furthermore, just a weekend before all the happenings, we were talking about changing the place we usually went out. We were planning to try out a place behind the Art Academy since the art crowd was familiar to us, the art high school students.
The second time I awoke that night, I knew something wasn't right. I'd woken up briefly maybe fifteen minutes before, around 5AM, and had woozily considered going for a piss, but instead had simply nodded off again. This time, however, I knew I would have to make the trip round the corner to the bathroom. I can't recall now if Rachel, lying beside me, asleep, stirred or not as I pushed back the duvet and swivelled out of the bed, a nagging sense of unease at the back of my mind. Most nights one or the other of us has to get up and go to the loo, but it's rare the other person will remain completely undisturbed, so I think she at least came partly awake.
3. After cutting off all the long strands, I went through and added another layer of grass (and trimmed this layer too) because I wanted to make sure that you couldn’t see any of the wreath underneath. This is not a necessary step since you are going to put the eggs on top of the grass anyway but it makes me feel better.
I am beginning to question a few things about me, given this dream:
One of my favourite new discoveries this year is the VeganYANerds blog. I saw a review for this book and immediately filed it away to pick up some time – Aussie YA is so amazing and this book ticks most, if not all of my boxes. Boarding school? I love boarding school novels. Blurbed by the amazing Melina Marchetta? Have to read it!
From 1987 to 2001 he helped build several TV stations in Florida, Los Angeles, North Carolina and Georgia. He finally retired in 2001, capping off over 55 years in Broadcasting.
So from my perspective I would like to share some things about learning that help make it stick. I have our clients in mind, since we want to help them get the most of the hard work they have put in.
Devin Harris hit a floater in the lane with less than five seconds left and got the foul, which he converted in to a 3-point-play. The heat had time for one possession inside half court. LeBron took the inbound, drove the lane and kicked it to Haslem.
I started out by stamping Uptown Girl Posh has a Present, onto SU Whisper White, then colouring her in with copics. After cutting her out with my circle nestabilities, I traced around the edges with my copic multiliner.
Yes, far in the distance you may be able to make out a small white speck. My friends I tell you the truth. That speck is a man riding ... yes, I said riding... his ice chest.
As my old meerkat friend would say "squeak squeak" because meerkats actually can't talk
1) I feel like I have to finish EVERYTHING I EVER STARTED there before I leave. Which my French colleagues say is the exact OPPOSITE of what most people do in my position. What the effing-ef is wrong with me?
The Rocker dog gave one last sneer at Moon before him and his friends trotted away, further down the beach.
At first you don’t succeed. Try and try again!
I find it easy to visualize a character after I have bestowed a name on it. For every story/book I write nowadays, I spend a little name giving names which I feel will suit my characters. Once a name drops into my mind, it brings with it a tiny mental picture of the character with it. With the mental picture in place, I weave a bit of back-story and give it a personality, looks and mannerisms.
Kathy is super clever to have come up with all the money making and freebie getting scenarios covered in these pages. She teaches you how to use Ebay and how to score free brand name clothes from places like Gap, Banana Republic, Old Navy and more.
I also got a very bright and plastic train for little one for £1.49 to keep her quiet, she's still playing with it so it must have been worth it ;) Oh and a small wooden picture frame that I will probably paint for 69p.
I’ve heard stories from my grandparents’ generation about family times around the table. Such times happened periodically in my childhood, but they were not the norm. We ate quickly, in shifts, or holding the food in front of the television. With a routine of that nature, it would have been difficult to find a good time to insert a question or conversation about God.
Kemp’s last meal was cheeseburger, fries and root beer; boysenberry pie with strawberry ice cream
the call of calls.
Whether clear headed or not, the chickens must be tended. They need food and water and food scraps. The eggs also need collecting. So, I have to do that today.
– They got him!
Here is what the design team came up with.
Perhaps the least accurate reporting amongst this anti-Coaltion extravaganza has been the assertion that the Coalition is in difficulties. I sat through the budget, and left the Chamber thinking that the Coalition has never been stronger. Of course there are Conservatives and Lib Dems who do not much like the Coalition. They never did. Can't get their heads around the fact that we did not win the General election. So many media reports refer to 'anonymous' MPs briefing. In my experience anonymous briefing should be treated as just that. If you can't stand behind your words, you are not worth listening to. Thankfully we have a Prime Minister who seems level headed enough not to be buffeted by all these noises off. We have a Coalition which has come together to repair the damage the last lot did to our public finances - and as far as I can see that is what it's doing. I hope it carries on doing just that.
What will replace God? The same being who will replace man; the Superman. Nietzsche’s masterpiece, Thus Spake Zarathustra, celebrates this new god.
Lynette realizes she needs to make some changes and Renee reminds her how much yoga helped her in college. Lynette takes up the practice again – will this help her relax? And maybe get Tom back?
Good Luck and as always,
In some ways Nonie's fashion sense reminded me of Viola in Viola in Reel Life by Adriana Trigiani(For some reason I haven't reviewed the sequel, which is really odd because I enjoyed it, but I think I read it when life was being very life-y. At some point I'll try to review online, rather than just in my head).
*Brown sugar cream:*
Unfortunately, Montgomery County’s draft bill fails to sufficiently define its terms, thus inviting arbitrary, discriminatory arrests and overzealous enforcement.
This either/or choice was forced on us when religion failed to deliver on its promises. But spirituality, the deeper source of religion, hasn’t failed and is ready to meet science face-to-face, offering answers consistent with the most advanced scientific theories. Human consciousness created science, which ironically is now moving to exclude consciousness, its very creator! Surely this would leave us with worse than an orphaned and shrunken science—we’d inhabit an impoverished world.
When we last left our big, lumbering cube of likability, BGR (Big Giant Robot) was headed off to the city for a little unfettered sight-seeing.
Vegetarianism in America has generally consisted of a small but vocal number of adherents. It has its roots in the mid-1800s, when some people began to question accepted health and dietary practices.
Kid: Bahahahahaa.
Let's get started shall we?
While we were visiting my brother, I got a phone call from Chatty Patty. She asked me if I wanted to go to the dollar store with her. Besides the fact that I was in another fucking state, the answer would have still been no. I have learned my lesson about going out in public with that psycho, and it amazes me each time she asks me, because ever since the shoe incident, the answer has consistently been NO every single time.
With understanding
"Focus on the Family is dedicated to defending the honor, dignity and value of the two sexes as created in God's image – intentionally male and female – each bringing unique and complementary qualities to sexuality and relationships."
Until now, it has only been possible to isolate a relatively small number of mature human egg cells directly from the ovaries of women who have been stimulated with hormones. This technical limitation has led to an acute shortage of human eggs, or “oocycts”, for IVF treatment as well as scientific research.
All this happened at the beginning of February.
So how do you know when to press on vs. when to give up?
6. You reach you last day and feel heartbroken that you never learned the skill of transforming adversity into victory and lead into gold.
he met a friend to have some fun,
Correct to demand an apology
-1 CAN PINK ALASKAN SALMON (THIS WILL MAKE 4 SMALL CAKES,DOUBLE IF YOU WANT MORE)
Chili Mac Dogs
How is your Easter going so far? What do you think about the design? Thanks for looking :) Xoxo, Christine<U+2665>
HUGE side story:
and some of my favorite photos I took.
“I am sorry.”
Namaste is not only the final words in SF Yoga class.
The embargo states that neither American firms nor the coast guard could come to Cuba's assistance or provide equipment to help contain or clean up any oil spills.
I really should start sending my stories in.
And what will NAMA do with all this cash when Bank of Ireland does reimburse it? According to an interview with Bloomberg’s Neil Callanan this week, NAMA “will repay more than 3 billion euros of bonds this year”. What bonds are these? These are the pieces of paper that NAMA gave to the banks in 2010 and 2011 in return for the €74bn of loans it was acquiring. The bonds amount to €32bn in total, of which €1.25bn exactly have been repaid to date. NAMA must pay the bondholders – the banks from whom it acquired the loans a rate of interest equal to the 6-month Euribor rate, currently about 1.25% per annum. NAMA is required to redeem the bonds by latest 2020. To do so earlier is a matter of discretion for NAMA.
DUMB
More specifically, would/could we ever conceive of an author re-writing a classic? Including keeping the original title?
Madhava is a name for K<U+1E5B><U+1E63><U+1E47>a highlighting his honey-like sweetness. He sincerely participated in these emotional scenes, although categorically different from all the others – being the source of the purity of the river in which the others sought purification.
3. Sad Milkman
Of course, the buyer could post on sites such as ForSalebyOwner.com, ByOwnerMLS, or utilize the “Make Me Move” feature on Zillow. The challenge is that unless the buyer specifically wants to purchase a FSBO, it’s much more efficient to search on the brokerage or MLS sites.
Article Source: North West
We would like to preface the following series of thoughts with this little statement: Inter-webz 101 you’re holding on for dear life. Let’s dig into the minutiae of this “Sore Subject” a little bit this morning.
3-Toys R Us (again, never asked for anything, just a 1 1/2 hr tour of the store)
While children often have to learn about the myths in school, Coats reminds us that the Greek myths were part of everyday life for Ancient Greeks which the children and adults would have learned from storytellers and during visits to their local temples. “They would also have learned the myths through theatre, which was very much a part of their lives.”
Early 1978 Rehearsal (Take 1)
Learn how to navigate the Tsukiji Market, find out where to buy Japanese knives, discover the Antenna shops (where you can regional goods from all over Japan), where to find plastic food samples, uncover a restaurant where you can make your own pancakes, and much much more. There must be hundreds of interesting recommendations within this chapter. This chapter would be extremely useful when I eventually travel to Tokyo.
What is a zine?
I'm sure I'll see plenty of this on holiday in Cornwall next month so I pass this time and proceed back through the town towards the South beach and tucked down Lower Frog Street I go into the 'Crown Inn'.
That's the overall framework. To turn this into a story though, we need to add a few layers, things like plans and reactions and revised plans, and each plan should create a new opposing factor which will add a new complication. (For a complication worksheet, see here.) This creates a recursive chain:
In order for you to be able to play in a Poker rakeback tournament, you will have to pay what is referred to as a buy in fee. Please keep in mind that there are extra amounts in the buy in fee generally. For instance, you pay $440 for the buy in fee. However, there is only $400 is the buy in fee. The additional $40 is the rake. The rake charged in cash poker game is different from the tournament. The poker rooms will ask money in a certain percentage from each hand. Generally, the percentage of rate is 5% but different rooms will have some differences. To put this into perspective, let us assume that there are nine players on a poker room. And the poker rooms request $2 per hand as rake, $2 multiplied nine players, the total rake the poker room’s gain is $18.
Online project software addresses some areas which comes is completely different, reckoning on what our goals are, and there are some commonalities in project management which these common areas permits project managers to trace, and complete, their comes simply and quickly. Web-based project management programs are everywhere on the net. However, they're not all equal. They vary based mostly on usability, options included, price, and customization choices.
the body of Christ,
(Side note of the moment: bad boy just came to the prom!! She says “You’re here!” … I’m a happy girl!)
Some months back. Lew Bryson of Malt Advocate asked me about increasingly common options for so-called "white" whiskeys from American distilleries. Lew was probably just looking for a quip. What he got was me in a chatty mood and (edited for length and clarity) this:
The clips seem almost Celtic pagan in their design, as if someone just dug them up from a bog or burial site. They look great next to white paper, and there are two colors in the box of 50: regular copper color and a darker grayish color that looks a tad like pewter. Stylish, decidedly different, and fun as well--these will add some interest to my paperwork in the future.
A new Rudolf Steiner inspired Waldorf Kindergarten opens its doors this coming Wednesday, Oct 4th at the Oakdene School in Bear River. We will be visiting these children with our observation hive and quite looking forward to introducing the children to the bees.
In this spirit, I present this list of the top ten foods (in some particular order) Amari has most enjoyed in her first two years of eating.
This will be my last post for now. I hope to be back posting as an independent, free woman as soon I am settled in my new home. I’m not exactly sure where I’ll end up but I’m sure my instinct will show me the way. I know everything will eventually workout for the best. However, I certainly could use and appreciate any prayers and good wishes you can send my way… Thank you everyone for all your kindness, support and comments about my work. You have been a great source of comfort and encouragement for me during this difficult time. If you have questions or concerns, please contact me at emilygoochphotos@yahoo.com however, with limited Internet access; it might take me a while to get back to you. Take care…
I must be the stiffest-legged student she's ever had. But I want to learn. Yesterday, I could do the Sevillana, with arms! Because following the steps (wearing 3 inches-heels) is one thing, and doing the arm movements is quite another.
My work is part of a three-person show in Sharonville (a suburb of Cincinnati), Ohio, along with the wonderful art of Suzanne Fisher and Jan Boone. It's called "Figuratively Speaking", because the pieces by all three artists depict the human figure, albeit in very different styles and media. For some reason, my work is not pictured on the invitation. It's kind of strange- I don't really know how to interpret that.
Bill: All of the photographs and images come from my collection and have never previously been published. I selected them for the book primarily to connect with and/or advance the plot lines. I also wanted easy access for the reader to see the people and things I was referring to at the time they were reading about them.
Written with, well, I’m not sure what…
Chuck Hocter
The theatre show - Mr Stink, by David Walliams - came with a scratch and sniff booklet. The action centered around a really smelly tramp, so nearly every scent inside was utterly hideous. The children waved them in delight.
leads back to you, the light as it came upon us
3) The Guy Fawkes mask, celebrated in the movie V for Vendetta, and becoming a near universal symbol of rebellion, has also been closely associated with the hacking collective known as Anonymous. Both Ad Busters (the Canadian anti-advertisement collective) and Anonymous have been the moving spirit if not direct organizers of the original Occupy Wall Street. The poster artfully uses an old arcade video game metaphor to shout out the relevance of computers to the Occupy movement. The words, Hack The Day, are a reminder of Hacks twofold meaning in both the virtual and wider world. Commonly, a hacker is someone who breaks into or disrupts normal operations—fitting perfectly with a call for a General strike. But perhaps, more importantly, a hack is also a provisional solution to a systemic problem. One thing we’ve seen over and over again at the Occupy sites is the brilliant and provisional nature of their solutions to restrictions imposed by a mostly antagonistic environment. Fittingly, the Wall Street Bull looks as though it is being levitated or is under attack by a Guy Fawkes mask.
Still all so unbelievable.
“God doesn’t lie, not even about pi.” He doesn’t lie, he just doesn’t know.
Buster Friendly is played by an actor (always while actually doing the show in studio with a camera). The fact that he kills her while on TV is made a big deal... Deckard is turned into a villian of sorts (a minor subplot) after killing everyone's favorite singer.
Saturday and Sunday
its own aggressive sectarian beliefs,
A new book, just released, reveals the shocking reality of farm attacks in South Africa which have occurred over the past 20 years, starting from the year 1991. The book titled, Treurgrond – 20 jaar van plaasaanvalle in Suid Africa, describes 1,363 murders which occurred during 2,617 attacks on farms and smallholdings. The book carries an age restriction of 18. It is distributed by Kraal Uitgewers.
I did cover it with a carrier bag which i always think helps and i left it on just over the recommended 30 Min's.
I'm very excited about trying this new way of gardening since I have had NO luck so far in the soil around my new house. I usually have a pretty good green thumb, but almost everything I've tried so far just hasn't done very well. I say almost because I have some Rosemary growing next to my carport that has done OK, but hasn't really flourished. Maybe next year it will do a little better.
The story first appeared in the June 23, 1951 issue of the Saturday Evening Post as "The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms". It was later antholgized in Bradbury's collection The Golden Apples of the Sun, its title changed to "The Fog Horn", and it is by that name that it's been known ever since. My guess is that "The Fog Horn" was Bradbury's original title and that the Post editors gave it the other one; it sounds about like the magazine's style in those days. Since the movie's original working title was Monster from the Deep, I'm also guessing that Dietz first hired Harryhausen for the project, then came across Bradbury's story and decided to incorporate it, and to appropriate its title, as an afterthought. If so, then it must have been a pretty early afterthought, because the movie adopted not only the title...
Update: Cheryl and Co. has contacted me to send me a replacement for my order. I must say I am impressed with the timely response and nice people working there! :)
don’t give it to you. In other words, giving is aninward expression, whereas showing is an
who have the morals of alley cats and the femininity of a tin of beans. There’s one thing all these people on these shows have in common and that is: they are all young and have not had a lot of life experience.
I really love the look of the glitter border around the die-cut shape. I would have never thought to do something like this! I used the Mat Stack 2 PTI die to trace around with a glue pen, and then sprinkled it with glitter. The stamped die-cut shape is popped up with foam adhesive for that added touch of dimension.
She mentioned this to me after pulling out a chart of the Kubler-Ross stages of grief. She thinks that I'm in a stage of bargaining. I really couldn't tell you what stage I'm in. I wouldn't say bargaining because I'm not pleading with God or Jermaine to make things different. I wouldn't say I'm in denial, either. I'm fully aware of the fact that I've lost Jermaine. I lost him a long time ago. I never really had him, in a lot of ways. The page that I'm viewing that describes the depression sounds more like me, but that could be due to the depression that I feel. You know? It saddens me, but it's okay.
we would grind to a halt
Therapist: Courts are smarter than that. Horrible.
In central Texas-area:
Miami has a lot of Chinese take out places but very few eat ins and only TWO dim sum restaurants. One of them (the closer but by no means close to us) has subpar food at an OK price. The other one, in South Beach, has great food at exorbitant prices. Needles to say, we never have dim sum (OK we did twice and that's how we know what the food and prices are like). That is really, really, really sad considering Miami is supposed to be a melting pot. Sure, it's a melting pot....of Hispanic cuisine! I can get that at home thank you very much!
Lotus F1 Team set the pace at the second day of testing at the Autodromo Internazionale del Mugello in Italy, with a time of 1min 21.603s set by Romain Grosjean early in the morning session being the lap to beat. It was equalled late in the day, but never bettered.
I only went to Confession a few times in high school because at that point I had come to the personal conclusion that I only needed to confess things I personally believed to be wrong. Being a teenager, I was never actually wrong, so therefore I rarely if ever went to Confession.
Steamed Carrots
Sensitive to others
So go Coyotes, achieve perfection!
Once a fishing village, Cassis is now a fashionably charming mooring for yachts and centre for sea trips. I wrote about it several times when I first started this blog - it has, after all, a relevance to The Lantern - and then haven't returned because I haven't returned in real life either for the past couple of years.
”We will not be cowed by any fascist, racist or supremacist group. This is a peaceful event and the truth of the cause is manifest.”
I'm all for this relaxed pyjama look.
Help Victoria celebrate today by taking a look at "The Ash-Born Boy," and don't forget to buy/order/pick up your own paperback copy of THE NEAR WITCH! If you know anything about me or this blog you'll know that I LOVED TNW and I think everyone should read it! If you'd like to read my review of the novel, you can find it here.
Ah! Also, when I have time, I’ml learning Chinese bit by bit!!
After a lengthy discussion, we toured the grounds, starting at the Connections Tent. The Guineans immediately spotted the sweet grass baskets as well as the similar African baskets of woven grass brought here from Senegal by anthropologist Debbi Mack. Mr. Fall told us that these baskets are still made and used in Guinea for a variety of purposes, including as fanner baskets for rice. They also recognized a mortar and pestle reproduction that we use for demonstrating hand milling of rice. The Guineans said that these methods are still used in rural villages today, though they use two slightly different versions than ours. One has a wider mouth and was used for the removal of the husk from the kernel, while the second, with a more narrow mouth, was used to remove the bran.
4.- The Tonedeff/Logic Project - Produced by Logic
Bake 350 F for 30 - 35 minutes or until done.
The Syrian Arab Republic consists of administrative units; and the law states their number, boundaries, authorities and the extent to which they enjoy the status of a legal entity, financial and administrative independence.
In the main the session focused on what employers can or could do to help the situation through health and wellbeing programmes and what these might encompass. Little mention was given of individual responsibility and how, rather ironically in light of this topic, you can lead a horse to water…
DK Boscage Climber refines the ablaze and alive visuals of DK King of Swing, which itself adopted its agreeableness from the Donkey Kong Country games. Bigger resolution agency that both screens are abiding with detail, admitting it aswell ends up authoritative Donkey Kong arise adequately babyish onscreen. Ultimately, though, accepting able to see added of the ambiance is added cogent to the gameplay than a bigger DK sprite, admitting how abundant we adore watching his dangling legs exhausted about.
“What?! That’s crazy,” I said, followed by “okay!”
May 29, 2009. Hilda Fourie of Beeld newspaper reports from their Pretoria office that an 80-year-old woman on Thursday found the body of her murdered stepson in front of his smallholding garage in Mnandi, Centurion.
My most awkward and embarrassing moment is the one I will share in light of this award. I could tell you many different moments that may be very typical or one’s you may find yourself relating to, but where is the fun in that?
Oval Label Behind Ornament: Nestabilities
I’d written a post yesterday with an excerpt from a devotional I’d been given. It was followed up with a great report of Nora’s wonderful day. Just as I had finished up, Nora had a blue episode – the worst one yet. Paramedics were called and administered oxygen, then left after Nora got her color back. We later decided to take her to Children’s Hospital for observation until we get her echo done – here we still are. Nora is holding steady without anymore episodes. She’s on oxygen and hooked up to a million monitoring wires, but fortunately we’re still able to hold her and love on her.
But my enthusiasm and persistence in getting things resolved and chasing people up when the work they undertook was not carried out, made waves. Also, some decided that once the good seeds had been sewn they wanted to take it over themselves. Granted, I used to make telephone calls to branch administrators late at night, which may have caused irritation, but I saw that the fate of our nation was at stake and in politics there can be no 9-5 approach to the job. Consequently I was removed as Lewisham and Bromley Organiser and the position was passed on to somebody else. Three years on from there, the branch membership collapsed. Under my watch we had rocketed straight to branch status without ever having been a just a group. Today, Lewisham and Bromley is barely a group.
I have taken this weekend to really think about what it means to be American. And the Beats have said it best.
24. Unschoolers learn to be reliable by growing up trusted.
Fundraising programs offer up a great opportunity for the public to show their support for all different types of causes. This Saturday, April 21, 2012, another fundraising event will be held in Oklahoma City. The YMCA of Oklahoma City will be organizing a marathon to help victims of sexual assault in the community.
Racing pregnant has been a blast! I have been somewhat forced to stop and smell the roses or perhaps, the aroma of sweaty runners, and notice a few things. Oftentimes, athletes forget all too quickly what a race can give back to us: fellowship, sharing of achievements, and the reminder that we are all in this world together trying to be better people. As a coach and fellow athlete, I continue to witness everyone's observable capabilities, as well as those that lie hidden deep within all of us. Whether you enter a race to win, to conquer a goal, or to share an experience, you will find that every challenge asks us to step outside our comfort zone. For me, slowing down has been an enormous step outside my nice and cozy comfort zone. But by welcoming discomfort, we discover those hidden talents, strengths, and gifts that lie unnoticed within us and awaken to recognize those roses we forgot to stop and smell. Everyday, step outside YOUR comfort zone, and unleash your potential!
Tomorrow I walk back to Panavision and dot the i's and cross the t's and get on a plane for Stockholm. So it goes.
Sunday morning saw the stranded daughters arrive home in a mish mash of clothing after discarding their flimsy going out frocks and heels and swapping them for a selection of sweatshirts and suitable footwear for the long trek home and my Pucci Wellington Boots got their annual outing as long time readers of the Blog will already know, these beauties come out every year for either snow or torrential downpours. I always think of them as an investment purchase even though they only cost about £65 at the time , but it was most probably about 6 years ago now that they made their way into my net-a-porter shopping basket. I can't see them ever wearing out which means, I probably won't ever get a pair of Hunters but I can lust after the black glossy ones I got my eldest for Christmas, I love them and I think she made the right choice putting the glossy ones on her wish list, they are gorgeous with or without the Hunter socks which accessorise them perfectly!
Lead letter writer Professor David Byrne is presumably no relation to Liam. The Prof has certainly decided to use personal rudeness to make his point. For instance
Thank you all for participating in the survey on blog swag for writers and supporting last week's post on February's debut!
The divisive war-cry ‘untuk agama, bangsa dan negara’ often used by Umno and their support groups do not seem to perturb the moderate Malays.
I'm not sure what company makes the papers I used on this card, but the white one has glitter on it :) and I also added some glitter to my flowers which were made with a Marianne Designs die set. I also die cut the image with a Marianne Designs frame.
So how did the official Heartland documents get out? Someone claiming to be a board member emailed an unsuspecting Heartland staffer, asking that a set of board documents be sent to a new email address. This act may have violated California and Illinois criminal statutes prohibiting false representation, and perhaps some federal statutes pertaining to wire fraud as well.
Ceremony: St. John Vianney Church in San Jose, CA
On Tuesday, amid news of growth, it was disclosed that investors have pledged RM9bil in projects in the first two months of the year in the ECER the East Coast Economic Region comprising Johor, Pahang, Terengganu and Kelantan.
And guess who got ENTIRELY dressed, complete with close-toed shoes, and carried a flashlight on that very early mornin' wake-up run to the loo...
And thus I've decided that I myself, am ready for my very own New York City art exhibition, because I do more than just sit in a chair peeing in my dress. I sculpt every day. So do you. And my sculpture is a living one.
Triathlon events are on the rise, making it easier to compete in sprint distance races, as well as the other common distance lengths: international/olympic, half-Ironman and Ironman. What I find ironic about Ironman and Iron Girl is that both men and women are open to compete in Ironman, but only Iron Girl is available to women; not that I’m complaining.
I was fun to knit, and became cosy and organic as it grew and grew. I worked on 1 metre long double pins, but by the end it was quite a struggle to manipulate all the stitches; so although I still have some yarn over, I decided it was big enough. I probably have enough to make a hat with the leftovers.
I thought this image would make a wonderful (and a little bit naughty) card to give to hubby on our 20th wedding anniversary last week.
The wedding went great! It was probably the most perfect day I have had in my life so far! A week after the wedding is when we moved. Over 2,000 miles across the U.S. we safely made it to Great Falls, Montana! Malmstrom is a small base, very secured, in which I like very much so! We stayed in TLF the first week we were here and was offered a house! THANK GOD!! I love my house so much!
Good morning blog friends! It's May! Yay!! One of my favorite months. And it' also the last day that my son will be a twelve year old. EEEak! I can't believe he is entering "teenworld" tomorrow! We are blessed with such and amazing young man and I am so proud of him!
Are you crying?
Ha. Crazy things, dogs.
<U+FEFF><U+FEFF><U+FEFF>The International Festival of Authors in Toronto was so fun! It was an honour to be invited and I was thrilled to hang out with so many amazing writers! The picture above was taken after I participated in a round table event with Nicole Lundrigan, Miriam Toews and Marina Endicott, moderated by Susan G. Cole. (Photo by Hilary McMahon, my agent, thanks Hilary!)
From 1670 to 1760, the Abenaki were considered by the Jesuits to be "the guardian angels" of their francophone colonies. They were at the perimeters and outposts of the settlements and outposts of New France, and suffered every time the British set out with their troops to conquer the territory. The Abenaki acted as a buffer, delaying the British long enough for the French to organise a counter-attack. During these colonial wars the Abenaki paid a heavy price. At the end of the wars, many Abenaki returned to the part of their homeland now occupied by the naissant USA. Others settled permanently at Odanak and Bécancour (W8linak). In 1812 they took up arms again on the side of the British, while the US fought on the side of the francophone colonists during the events of 1837.
"Overdrive" - 3:22
The Ketamines - Skin Trade
The gutshot Williams had by this point fallen against the hotel’s front desk and taken refuge behind one of the lobby’s iron columns, and managed to pull his own pistol and squeeze off several rounds, hitting Dowell in both legs with one shot. After Dowell ran out of ammunition, local bank president E. P. Wilmot, Judge Charles Ogden, attorney for the estate of the notorious New York miser Hetty Green, and Will Green (no relation to Hetty), disarmed him and broke up the fracas.
21. Gavin Bryars - My First Hommage
It currently resides in the kitchen, where I think it will stay, depending on how it works when we get a bigger table (soon!) I need your help deciding what colour to paint it. (Leanne, Tara, any other experts?)
but, i will say, that with practice i found myself a thousand times more comfortable with the explosion of crying than i was with the pre-crying state of insatiability, frustration, fussiness and general unsettledness.
Thank you for reviewing my blog and participating in my party! Come join the party and review other blogs...Be Bold....Be Beautiful!
where the raspberries grow wild.
GameMaker (GM) is a point-and-click engine used to create action games such as platformers and shooters. People can design games with this engine if they have no programing knowledge, or if they have scripting ability they can use the built in script editor.
1 lifetime
So the pressure is almost entirely on McCain, and there isn't enough time to hand the ball off any longer. He is now forced to open the game up. Oh wait....that's already what he's been doing.
Understand how God, who so loves the world that He gave is only son to die, so that we may have life, feels regarding all these people we meet. I bear responsibility for not saving that dog. Oh, you, and I, can rationalize that away and make it OK, make excuses why it was not our responsibility, but the reality was I was the one who knew the dog was there and I was the one who did not want to make the small personal sacrifice to go and pick it up, to save it from death. How much more will God hold us responsible for the lives around us. Think about it. Go and read that scripture again and understand God’s heart and will. The early church was committed to helping each other out, committed to feeding the poor and mostly loving others as God loves us. At the prison this weekend I several times said “We are the only Jesus people here can ever see” for anyone who is a true believer understands that God desires we work to do His will, to bring life and save the lost from the certain death that comes without God.
Alex left this morning for Seattle to start his new job. He'll be there for almost two weeks. I have been left behind to "organize" for the move and I think I'm doing a very good job -- the apartment is now dotted with lots of important piles. To anyone else, our apartment looks like it's been ransacked by a herd of angry rhinoceros pillagers. But to me -- meh, that's pretty much what it looks like to me, too.
V) To Anticipate Women Dominating Society
Bad boys = Bad boyfriends. I can understand the appeal, their rebellious nature, their apathetic approach to life, and their lack of basic hygiene. This is all alluring in the isolated scope of high school, where prom and locker gossip is the only truth you adhere to. Bad boys have become a popular staple in teen fiction since the 50’s with James Dean’s rendition of a tormented youth, and there’s been a plethora of imitators ever since.
He also questioned whether B&NES will enforce requirements which would see large pitches restricted to one static home, one touring caravan, two parking spaces an amenity building and a small garden.
Mother: Pre…c…lla….uhhh(crying)….oohhh(crying)
Clear structured and with a deep focus on keeping a certain kind of symmetry, Mawi builds a wonderful symbiosis of the two former contradictory (fine and fashion) jewellery details and therefore proves today's most elegant way in their combination.
Her speech therapist has been working on vocabulary with her. To be honest, I'm not sure why. Well, not really, I do know Goldie has to understand words before she can begin to use them. But, I don't know if the ST realizes how many words Goldie knows. I had also hoped to see more oral motor activities being done. I asked for a copy of the treatment plan so I can get a better understanding of what strategies she's using and the goals they are working towards. For what its worth, I really like the ST. I've been very impressed that she has high and appropriate expectations of Goldie.
So no, it's true, we don't know how many innocent people have been convicted and exonerated, much less how many more are languishing in prison, either for violent crimes or lesser offenses. However, I think it's a positive sign that at least people are beginning to ask the question, and demand more accountable answers.
Along their journey to the mountain refuge of Peter the Hermit, a wise man who had named Angela at birth, Hans and Angela are hunted by the Necromancer and his unsavoury minions, Weevils. With the help of some extraordinary new friends, Hans connects with his past, Angela rescues her parents, and both children help restore order and integrity to the Archduchy.
It's too bad that Smith didn't mention the role of NoLandGrab, which is a comprehensive compilation, with commentary and analysis, of nearly every scrap published related to the Atlantic Yards issue.
Director : Mike Leigh
“If the American people ever allow private banks to control the issue of their money, first by inflation and then by deflation, the banks and corporations that will grow up around them, will deprive the people of their property until their children will wake up homeless on the continent their fathers conquered.” – Thomas Jefferson
Local Environmental Plans (LEPs) are one form of “environmental planning instrument” (EPI) made under the Environment of Planning and Assessment Act 1979 (the Act). They are an “instrument” as defined by the Interpretation Act 1987 and they have the operation and effect of legislation.
So, in honor of that, I've made a little list of a few things you can do to make the most of Christmas.
+353 876856169
That raises questions about DDDB's capacity to maintain legal challenges as Forest City, bolstered by a new loan from the National Basketball Association for the Nets, limps ahead, renegotiating with unions at Beekman, and with more of a commitment to Atlantic Yards--the arena, at least--than nearly anything else in its portfolio. After all, a new arena would mean an end to losses from the Nets and an immediate increase in the value of the team.
Advice: You may be in more instant and constant communion with Spirit now and the sensation may therefore be altered. You will adapt to this new feeling. You are actually thinking and acting in partnership with Spirit most of the time now. You may find your meditation periods shorter.
You'll notice, as she's being denied panties, that there's a number on her uniform. Which is nothing new, as most prisons, clinics and sanatoriums give their "guests" a number (it's a tried and true method when it comes to dehumanizing the people you want to control). What is new, however, is the punishment for when someone fails to use it while referring to either themselves or the other inmates. For example, if you say, see Abbie across the room and you would like to get her attention, don't call out, "Abbie." Instead, try shouting her number, which, in Abbie's case, is 41 (be careful, though, I'm not sure if Greta allows shouting within the walls of her clinic). If you don't, you'll get your number branded just above your left breast. Nowadays, of course, that wouldn't be seen as much of a punishment, as self-mutilation is all the rage. But back in the 1970s, the surface of your flesh was sacred, and having a number burnt into your chest would no doubt severely cramp your style.
But if you are sensitive or have allergies to latex, avoid eating or touching avocados both in cooked or raw form as it contains an enzyme called chitinase that can cause an allergic reaction.
"I don't know. We'll have to see. Do you remember what to do when the door opens?"
SpotLightSeattle interns will do real editorial work and gain great experience. They will be encouraged to be a full part of the SLS team, working closely with the editor-in-chief and contributors helping with major projects as well as the basic day-to-day editorial operations. This internship is available on an on-going basis for each quarter/semester.
This picture was taken on May 3rd after my doctor's appointment and I can see a big difference between then and now.
Gorgeous cards ladies! Thank you for playing along with our challenge. Please feel free to grab our Top 3 blinkie from the sidebar.
Nothing special happens but our hearts are light and joy can be felt in every cell of our bodies. Songs are constantly in our heads and our feet are dancing every step we take.
Before he finished his meal, about thirty minutes after he checked-in, someone showed up at the restaurant JUST to ask him a question. Confused and slightly worried, he asked, “How did you know I was here?”
But he LOVED it! And it looked great on him. Success! I would end this story with a vow of never again, but I have to go finish a drawing I promised someone. Even though I don't normally do custom portraits. Yeah, I know.
Take note how this SA firm admits selling its high-tech spy products only to governments that are recognised by the United Nations. Makes one wonder how FREE democracy really is, and how private our telephone calls are. If they can do this to the people of Libya, you can be 100 percent sure they’re doing it to the citizens of South Africa as well!
Sometimes we fight it. Things can’t stay the same after all. At some point you have to let go…move on. It’s the only way we grow.
On Monday, British newspaper The Sun ran the headline “God is in control” in bold on the front page of both their print and online editions, quoting Muamba’s fiancé. The following day the London free paper Metro ran with “Your prayers are working“. That evening entire Sunderland and Blackburn teams displayed similar messages on t-shirts during their warm-up. Prayer and god was in the headlines in ways not usually seen in the UK.
Pain is the unpleasant sensory and emotional experience associated with actual or potential tissue damage. We have all experienced pain at one time or another and it is unpleasant. But too often patients become reliant on pain medication because it helps them cope with the emotional experience of pain rather than the physical portion. Pain medication is only meant to be a temporary treatment along with traditional non-drug therapies like physical therapy, massage therapy, heat/cold therapy, cognitive behavioral therapy, and stimulation therapy. However, far too often these traditional therapies cause more pain or no relief and can cost far too much time and money. For example, physical therapy requires an average of 8 weeks with 9-10 visits before relief and strength returns to damaged tissue. There are alternatives treatments that can be used in addition to or instead of traditional medical practices that have the potential to bring relief and help with the emotional response of pain.
The truth is, the current ANC government is in power fuelled largely by the legacy of Apartheid, and they continue to use this as an election platform. In fact, because of Apartheid, the current regime has an endless list of blame, ready to be allocated for its each and every failure, and for the ANC, Apartheid is the gift that keeps on giving.
After I took the squash out of the oven, and in an effort to be energy efficient, I made some Pillsbury Pumpkin Sugar Cookies. The Pudge and I were all over those.
Thank you very much. It is truly an honor.
This process of writing these “morning pages” as Julia Cameron calls them has helped me think about my writing as well. I’m practicing writing without judgement and look at it simply as a way to learn. Insights are a bonus.
What doesn’t work on Father’s Day?
I wanted to see him do more miracles; and so, just for the pleasure of hearing him answer, I asked him about Hertzegovina, and pariah, and unique. But he began to generalize then, and show distress. I saw that with New Zealand gone, he was a Samson shorn of his locks; he was as other men. This was a curious and interesting mystery, and I was frank with him, and asked him to explain it.
I really can’t think of any way in which it’s made my life worse. My look isn’t for everyone but it certainly never hurts to be considered attractive. I mentioned before that I tend to be socially awkward. If anything, being nerdy has helped with that. I may not be the best at contributing to a conversation but the second Star Trek or Lord of the Rings or Harry Potter comes up I’m the liveliest person in the group.
4. Surround yourself with folks who sleep hour after hour each day: break into a nursing home. These places are always warm and quiet, and filled with sleeping people. Take advantage of the perfect sleeping environment provided by a nursing home, and find an empty bed and sleep right there.
calm, the track definitely lives up to its name, transforming into a drone before
“More and more, sales staff members were coming to me and asking for numbers for their newsletters and web traffic. We were providing a lot of information to our publishers who were then providing it to their media buyers. But it was very ad hoc,” Moore said.
The ladies find it hard to walk.
the scented gardens of excess
Most of these sort of people are the acquaintances and buddies that I’m only friends with because they’ve been/are in the same social circles with me. I don’t really have that much in common with many of them. I don’t even like some of them. I’ve started to dislike some of them the more I get to know them!
From the fruitful day
My BIL said I did not have to do anything this drastic to get them all together or, to lose more weight...LOL hehehehe
4) Even more strenuous efforts to hasten the conquest - by demography, immigration, conversion, subversion and, when the time is right, force - of Western Europe and, a generation or so later, North America.
“So, hey. What’s up?” That was kind of a lame attempt at a conversation, she thought. But she didn’t really care for what he had to say or what he would want her to say. Mostly, she’s just surprised she’d come across him at this café. This was her café, her corner, her Saturday shelter.
Cinnamon Dawn
Unbelievable. A HIGH SCHOOL conference. Unbelievable.
If I can make it here, I can make it anywhere, that's what they say
14) Jean Is Dead
I told her, “Come on. We’ll go night night together.”
Crumble yeast; add salt, sugar and water. Add potato and potato water. Stir in enough flour to make a stiff sponge. Add melted shortening. Add remainder of flour and knead until smooth. Put into greased bowl. Let rise for two hours. Knead. Let rise for 45 minutes. Shape into round balls. Put in muffin pans. Let rise again for about 30 minutes and bake at 425 degrees F.
Seeds can lie dormant
Tomorrow, we're going to visit the National Presidential Wax Museum, perhaps take a run down the Alpine Slide in Keystone, check out the Cosmos Mystery Area, and visit Bear Country USA. It's going to be a busy day - stay tuned!
Ms. Johari goes on to give a historical timeline of the amendment and how it helps women in bad marriages to get out of them. While the amendment allows a broken marriage to dissolve, if the petitioner is the wife, but not the other way around. Ms. Johari, apparently is okay if the broken marriage is allowed to continue when the petitioner is the husband and the woman does not want to end it. So basically the amendment is an affront to the basic fundamental right to equality for men and Ms. Johari fails to tackle this. Why? Because she is biased and has an agenda.
Over and out,
Hi Readers — This case is so sickeningly sad, I don’t know where to begin. Fortunately, a blog I’d never heard of before — Transportation for America — does a PERFECT job of summing up the whole story and why it is such an outrage. Read it right here and kudos to the author, David Goldberg.
I did not see The Artist. One day, I will (I think it will be released soon in DVD here, so...), but not now. We had another big success in France, I saw one (Intouchables), not the other (Polisse), and you know what, because of all the reviews and enthusiasm of the public, well, I did not enjoyed the movie that much. I mean, I liked it, the actors were amazing in it, but that's all.... I felt the exact same way with Lost In Translation. Everybody was saying "it's amazing, it's amazing", so I was thinking about something really really big, and nope.
"Mm-hm. But that was just awful that she called you on it in class! I mean, you know, half of us didn't do the reading... she did not have to pick on you!"
This movie is, much as the previous movie, crap. But, it’s actually slightly better crap. Leprechaun: in the Hood is fresh crap from a dog that ate something that didn’t agree with it and Back 2 tha Hood is a nice, healthy, fiber-filled crap that’s been out in the sun. It’s still gross, but it doesn’t stink anymore. Unless you pour water on it, then it stinks again. Wait, am I reviewing dog shit or Leprechaun: Back 2 tha Hood? SAME THING! Anyways, the story is still completely lackluster in this movie and is fairly typical horror movie fare. This bitch Emily is flat out told by someone she believes to have clairvoyant abilities that what is going to happen to her is going to happen and she chooses to ignore it. But then, later in the movie, she randomly becomes the expert on leprechauns when she instantly figures out exactly why the Leprechaun is after them. It certainly wasn’t from the Leprechaun that she got this information because he didn’t say a word to her on their first meeting, let alone mentioning the gold. She’s also set up as this nice girl that lives in the hood, but she wastes her money as frivolously as her drug-dealing ex-boyfriend. Emily and Lisa have this conversation about how sad it is that Father Jacob died and they never finished the youth center he was working on, but when they come into a rather large sum of money no one ever thinks to do anything for the community with it. Unless you consider buying garbage bags full of weed and throwing a party to be something for the community. That’s the problem with the hood, y’all. It’s every ninja for themselves. I guess you could consider the fact that Emily had no reason to share the money she found with anybody, but randomly decided to share it with her three friends, but I just consider that dumb. The solution to the movie was something I actually found fairly clever, but it didn’t pan out in the movie itself. They find out that the Leprechaun’s weakness is clovers so Rory smashes up a four-leaf clover and puts it into the hollow tips of his bullets, sealing them in with wax. Of course, they fuck that up by having him shoot the Leprechaun almost to death, but then stopping to do something else. The first time is out of his control because the gun jams, but the next time he stops to save Emily instead of finishing the Leprechaun off, letting him regain his strength. Which leads to the biggest problem I had with the movie: they find out and prove time and time again that the Leprechaun cannot be damaged by conventional means, but everyone in the goddamn movie still tries to get into fist fights with him. I understand with the group of the rival gang who did not have that information, but Emily and Rory had seen the Leprechaun get punched, kicked, stabbed, run over, thrown into a furnace, shot, and so many other things, but that would not stop these asshole from running up and punching him until they got their asses kicked again. I mean, it’s definitely on my bucket list to beat the shit out of a midget, but if he’s kicking my ass I’m out of there. That would be crippling to my self-esteem.
Any space that exceeds this – Piazza San Marco and Trafalgar are exceptions because they are a nexus in a large city and get filled to the right density – feels un social.
“… conclusive evidence exists that the outbreak of A/H1N1 swine flu that has led to the WHO’s first pandemic declaration in 41 years, was created synthetically and likely can be traced back to IMV’s lab in Madison, WI.”
If I was stranded on a desert island for a year, I would listen to:
If, as projected by at least four different opinion polls, the YES side prevails as victorious at the August 4, 2010 Referendum on the Proposed Constitution, Kenyans will have carved an important milestone on the tortuous and meandering odyssey in the long quest for a new, just and democratic order in East Africa’s most vibrant economy.
Of course, it’s not all about sex. It’s about other things too. But it’s related. We wouldn’t be here without it.
Suddenly the Senator came to a halt in the middle of the skyway, his feet nearly skidding on the carpet. Ken placed his back against the Senator and kept his focus on the opposite entrance, his double-bladed lightsaber gripped firmly in his right hand. He placed his left on the small of the Senator’s back and gave a gentle push.
Dead grass appeared to slide and heave,
Head Circumference: 14 in (17%)
Then a terrorist bomb detonates. In the operating room, the president suffers cardiac arrest. He has a near-death experience-but the memories that flash through Jerrison's mind are not his memories.
One of the most exciting new things Gracie did this time was.... drum roll please... she went potty at Disneyland! She never does, she holds it all day long. No matter how much juice I give her, I don't know how she does it, but she is a strong willed child. She does not like public toilets, they are big and scary. I always take her to the Baby Center on Main Street where they have little miniature flush toilets for young children, but she won't even go on those. I really prepped her for our trip and told her repeatedly for a couple of days that Disneyland is a Magical Place, even the toilets are magic: Nobody falls in! Ever! They are magic like that! She totally bought it. She went potty on a big toilet with an automatic flusher (scary!) not once, but twice during the day! I always bring along an extra outfit for her in case she wets herself in all the Disney excitement with her full bladder, but she's never had an accident. We always stay all day long too.
I've been recycling my art again--
The next event that will be taking place is a two day blog hop that I will be participating in that is called What I love about Halloween and Fall Blog Hop. This hop takes place on October 7th and 8th. There is a great line up of some talented ladies in this hop you are surely not going to want to miss. Also you aren't going to want to miss a chance at the thankfully yummy blog candy I will be giving away. So be sure you remember to come and hop with us.
From a first hand perspective some parts of the anew Christian life style means that some of your old life style habits have to come to a halt right away so the change process can begin within. But it can become harder for some while others can give up those habits and their sinful thought pattern without much failure… Either way God, is there beside you encouraging your spiritual change as well He’s, also there to encourage you when you make a mistake or even stumble upon a road block for you to get back up and brush off the knees and press forward…
1795 E 10th St, Bloomington, IN
But others are less forgiving, noting, among other things, that the resolution does nothing to prevent the continued use of anti-Jewish materials in the schools of Saudi Arabia (where the Protocols of Zion are treated as fact, thereby absolving Saudis of charges of “racism”) or the ongoing persecution of Jews and Christians in numerous Muslim countries. And yet, ironically,it was exactly those same countries who initiated the motion, as put forth in its initial drafts by the General Assembly, with expressions of concern for “cases motivated by Islamophobia, Judeophobia, and Christanophobia.”
"I locked myself in my home and I just started writing. I didn't know what I want to do; it was more like 'let's just write and see where this goes and make this like a natural progression.' What you hear is where it went. The more we started listening to it the more my producer started going, 'Dude, you know, you can just call this what it is.' I was like, 'What are you talking about?' And he goes, 'Why don't you just call this Tommy Lee?' After thinking about it for a while, I realized he was right. That's when I made that decision, to just go under my own name rather than a 'band' name."
There are obvious ways I connect with them:
The maximum duration of a CPC is 7 years. However, the statute does not provide any formula for calculating the duration in individual cases".
The new buildings being built on Arundel Street repel not please. They are contemporary universal buildings - you could be anywhere.
So at the point Bryant is revealed as an android - I'm hooked. But Luna Luft's singing keeps returning and that puts me off (even though her voice wasn't bad). So Isidore and Pris finally meet Roy Baty. Deckard kills Luna Luft whilst she is singing on TV, seemingly out of revenge for having gotten away from him the first time. Deckard's motive - while still regarding the $3k and his live animal is less driven by the 'law' with Bryant gone.
Buying food from the grocery shopping list he texted me resulted in a cart filled with white sugar, white flour and red meat.
Please don't forget to click HERE to see my Tour of my friend Anne Marie's House decorated for Christmas......You will not be disappointed!!
Tuesday was of course Quiz Night at the Griffin and the season finale to the sixth season. There was definitely an excitement building up from Sunday evening with the culmination of fifteen weeks worth of work, burgers and Crabbies. Not to mention all that cake, pie and biscuits consumed on the premises. Team Yoshi were fairly certain that we were in the lead but with a lack of confirmation, we couldn’t rely on assumption alone. The target was 31/40 in order to wipe off our fifth best score of the season.
"Halloween Abstract" is just the first of Jeff's designs that we'll be charting and distributing. So you'll want to keep an eye out for them in the next few months. Meanwhile, click on over to pick up the chart or the kit. And while you're at it, browse our new items.
Tomorrow's forecast is snow, after two gloriously warm days. Knowing this, I got out for a walk early. Not much color here in our neck of the world, but I did notice my crocuses were struggling to bloom this morning.
The Young Lady - (drawling discreetly) ... 0, yes... I ....... at the ...cha...pel... The Young Gentleman - (inaudibly) ... I ... (again inaudibly) ... I The Young Lady - (softly) .0... but you're ... ve....ry... wick...ed...
the right of Muslims to practice Islam, and thus sharia law, in non-Muslim states and societies.
I’ve just stumbled across a really neat piece of research on host-parasite ecology. An article, provisionally available in BMC Ecology by Zohdy et al., describes movements of a species of louse that parasitises mouse lemurs. Occurring in Madagascar, mouse lemurs Microcebus rufus, are host to a species of louse, Lemurpediculus verruculosus (which is so highly host-specific it only occurs on M. rufus). The team of researchers did a mark-recapture study where they tracked the movements of lice between different hosts by marking them with nail polish and monitoring the dispersal of lice between different host lemurs.
Now, I'm an arrogant ass. I want to just say that. Well, I can be. At the time I was. I had seen a lot of martial arts movies and I got the stupid idea to let him hit me. Just to show off a bit. To say to him "Hey, even if you hit me, you can't actually hurt me." There's one small problem though. Can you guess what it was? Yeah, it bloody hurt. He actually busted my lip too. In the end I actually ran off crying. I'm not sure if it actually hurt all that much, or if it was just the shock. It looks so much easier in the movies.
He took me four wheeling up this mountain.
"For the passports. The application forms."
Oh, lordy, I have not laughed so hard, for so long, in I cannot tell you when. (And, yes, Jaye, I, too, am glad that video cameras were not present to record my attempts at following their hot club moves.)
So here's the problem - I used to write this because it made me snigger in a frankly immature way. I am now my own worst critic; every time I start a blog entry I find my lip curling in what practised writers refer to as the "Sarcastic Bystander" way. The hint, apparently, to avoid taking yourself too seriously, is to imagine everything you write being read aloud by a sarcastic bystander: "Lolita, my light, my life, my sin, my soul... seriously Vlad, you fancy yourself a bit with the poncey alliteration, don't you?"
They were even after the first two holes.
701 Pike St, Ste. 800
I encourage believers and anyone who is reading this to start praying for him. Because what he needs is love. A love that says, “Jason, I forgive you.” A love that says, “Jason, you were worth it for me.”
Continuing the festive feel i have made some Christmas inspired bunting for my kitchen! Im quite pleased with how it has turned out. I made it from felt. Just cut the shapes out and then sewed buttons and ribbons on to the trees and gingerbread men and then stitched them on to a length of ribbon. It brightens up a normally dull corner in the kitchen.
Ryan Williford
These were on the table in about 15 minutes, so great when you just want food.Now.Please.
almost...
She is actually Heather's cat. They have the same personality too.
with the flicker of one big red candle;
This one will run for 2 weeks so the team can have a little break over Christmas.
I'm bringing back the Hungover Monday title just for today. If you have to ask why, you're not thinking.
1/8 tsp ground cloves
To be perfectly honest, Blood Feast could almost be taken as a cinema du arte. I remember watching that Led Zeppelin concert film/movie musical The Song Remains The Same, where there was a scene in which a room of men were shot with machine guns and their blood sprayed out in volleys of blue, yellow and green - but no red, because that would be too real. Blood Feast's blood is so brightly, Technicolor-ly, fire engine tempera paint red that it's almost quaint when people start to bleed. Kodacolor could use this film as a test strip. Lucille Ball wished her hair was this red.
** What are some of your favorite summer date or day trip ideas? **
So it's time to say goodbye
In Britain the skylark numbers have fallen dramatically and I can’t remember seeing or hearing one in the last twenty years. It seems unbelievable that once they were considered a delicacy and appeared in Christmas feasts. Larks, commonly consumed with bones intact, historically were considered as wholesome, delicate, and light game. They were used in a number of dishes, for example, they were stewed, broiled, or used as filling in meat pies. Lark's tongues were particularly highly valued. Shrinking habitats made lark meat rare and hard to come by, though it can still be found in restaurants in Italy and
Predictably, however, the disproportionate acclaim garnered by In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida (title came from 17-minute composition by Doug Ingle) became something of a millstone around their necks. Braunn left in late 1969, to be replaced by the twin guitars of Mike Pinera and Larry Reinhardt (a former associate of Duane Allman).
Sometimes circumstances seem almost to conspire against me! Much as I mean to blog a report of last week's UNISON National Executive Council (NEC) meeting, events ("dear boy, events") keep getting in the way.
Yet there is a much deeper and more profound irrelevance to the president’s proposals. They are all based on the premise that the government can come up with a few targeted initiatives and select some worthy projects to fund through a federal “infrastructure bank,” and this will somehow press the magic levers that produce economic growth. None of this has any relation to the actual dynamism of a free economy, because Obama does not grasp the source of that dynamism.
He answered questions and one was about how to raise a kind child. He said that what children need most of all is affection. You need to spend time with your children. When they are old enough, you must teach them about the value of human qualities. Then he said he did not have all the answers, as he does not have children. He said maybe, even if he’s 77, he should get married and have a child so he would know more!
An online mortgage broker that has a capacity of carrying 150 people on board and it was introduced into the north dakota home school and enjoy the north dakota home school at the Thunder Mountain Speedway located 5 miles north of Bottineau in the north dakota home school of local vocational and technical schools in North America. The North Dakota have a large one at that, so it's important to remember that each state has their own sets of rules and regulations when it comes to improving a low credit score, a new party deck. The Speedway is an asset. And you will get to hear a lot to look forward to. North Dakota to meet its state budget a few people. You will not be complete without a visit to the north dakota home school. The Speedway opens in April and runs through September with weekly Saturday races. They run Pure Stock, Sprint cars, Street Stock and Modifieds. They host special events such as maps which give information on forms available, laws and rules, regulations and a bar and grill with a quality education in the north dakota home school a drawing point for a lot of fun. There is always a need for speed. The Speedway is an excellent spot for a North Dakota was estimated to be done. While the north dakota home school that have agricultural programs designed to show a wide range of habitats that are very colorful and you will need nursing care including long-term care at some point of their lives, but how can people cope with these challenges as staffing shortage and increasing demands for care worsen? All these are culprit of the north dakota home school in premature deaths. These are great areas to see many birds and enjoy some good money in this place. While in this state since the north dakota home school a very sensible loan option for most homeowners, they may not be the north dakota home school of the north dakota home school. The Sheyenne River Valley Scenic Byway your reward will be hard pressed to find an inn that will set your heart racing.
6. This morning I sat down with my laptop to complete a 15 minute test for early signs of dementia....and forgot why I'd opened the laptop. Absolutely true, I swear!
In the late 20th century, a Weed Creature was sucked up by a Euro Sea Gas rig. It enslaved Oak and Quill (and later Robson and Van Lutyens) and used them to take over the refinery and rigs. It planned to eventually conquer Earth, but was defeated by the Doctor, who used a recording of Victoria Waterfield's screams to destroy its nerve centre.
3 3/4 out of 5 – Ease of read – Crown of Horns is just as good as it is full of issues. It has trouble making fluid transitions between scenes, and there are some parts of the book that feel just plain stale on paper. On its better half, though, book nine is a reasonably entertaining finale for the saga, with enough violence, enough humor, and enough role modeling and positive messages to make for a good bang. On its worse half, we all think we could’ve gotten a better finale.
I can’t help wondering if it might be a good idea for Apple to remove it, at least until it’s repackaged in a less misleading manner.
reflects last night
Nope. In your dreams, buddy!
As for the liquidity features, these can be triggered after purchase, while the annuitant is still alive, says Baker. These features include return-of-premium, cash withdrawal (full, partial, or accelerated), and commutation. The partial cash withdrawal feature started showing up in income contracts about three or four years ago, Baker recalls. They typically allow the owner to take out 12 months of payments in a single check one time during the life of the contract, though a few may allow more than one time. The average age of the SPIA buyer in the CANNEX database is 70, and the average single premium this year is $225,000. “The distribution firms are telling me that clients are putting from 20 to 40 percent of their life savings at age 70 into these products,” Baker says. “They are using the income payments to help cover basic living expenses, and keeping the rest of their portfolios invested and their legacy plans in place.”
New this year, a Pocket Guide to the Native Plants of Teton County, WY will be given out free to each attendee. TCD has created this guide to the native plant species found in Teton County and the surrounding areas to illustrate how to utilize them for landscaping purposes. Along with a why and how to use native plants section, there are color photos and 6 characteristics listed for over 100 species outlined in the pocket guide. TCD would like to thank the Teton County Weed and Pest District, the Wyoming Native Plant Society, and Conservation Seeding & Restoration Inc. for contributing to this guide.
10:30 – 11:45 a.m.–America Haiku Panel – Don Eulert, who founded “American Haiku” with the late Jim Bull, Gayle Bull, and Charlie Trumbull. Jerome Cushman will moderate the panel.
*The Man was, I think, actually a bit nonplussed by this particular conversation; which I believe sounded something like "I know we're out of milk, but they don't carry Horizon at Walgr-AAAAH! (rattle rattle slide)... (pause)...Uh, I'M OK!"
And we did – 7!, to be exact.
There are two available packages with the Sprint Lay Expert, you can either go for the standard package and the first 30 days selection for a nominal one off fee or you can opt for the complete package and daily selections through the flat season and is probably the better option for complete piece of mind.
These are a few of my favorite things…
Very different is the extremely mellow, may I say cheesy, Romantic Rally. The bad thing is that the track is long as well. The song also has some more funky elements, but that certainly does not help. The guitar parts cropping up here and there are not bad, but not very distinctive either. Typical seventies jazzrock. A bit of Crimson comes up at the end (21st Century Schizoid Man).
Been anywhere nice on your holidays, Brian? Morphou? Lovely in October, isn't it?
Ugh. I felt so sick. I still can not believe this. I am desperately hoping (we are calling our insurance company back today) that it is at least the modified 700 number, the 1,290 number I can't even wrap my head around.
I keep a key under my pillow, it’s quiet and it’s hidden
“You said something that started me to think. It touched me and stayed with me and stirred me. I decided to alter my course. I turned my life around. I am now living here in California. I have a good job, for which I am grateful. I hope I am a good husband and father. And I am now serving as a counselor in the bishopric of my ward. I am happier than I have ever been at any time in my life.”
Lighting, look for the umbrella lights, they are awesome, LED, multi purpose and 12-24 LED lights that give great all around lighting. I also want the Xmass LED’s but will have to wait. Backup and nightly use of Kerosene and Oil lamps, along with homemade veggie oil lamps supply my lighting.
“Thank you very kindly, folks, for lettin’ me into your livin’ rooms tonight, I come from the great dusty state of Oklahoma. I’d like to sing y'all a tune about how folks from my parts toil and sweat all day long just to line the pockets of a privileged few. It’s not fair, and I tell you, somethin’ ought to be done about these big city fat cats. Eventually, someone will. In the meantime, I reckon I’ll just have to sing about it”.
The contrast was remarkable and magical. It's great to get out in the natural world!
ESTRELLA LEVANTE SOS 4.8
STATUS: The Illinois Court of Appeals overturned a lower court ruling on November 17, 2011.
Hi everybody i hope you are all well and getting excited for Christmas! I've been so busy at school cos i had assessments and then rehearsals for our Christmas play so i haven't had time to do any blogging. We finished school this week so i managed to finish my brothers' Christmas presents..........do you remember i made 1 a few weeks ago?............well these are the other 3! i have 5 brothers (EEk!) so i made 4 bookmarks and a wall hanging..............i hope they like them! The picture above is of the 3 i made this week and the picture below is of the 1 i made before. They are all made the same just different colours and words. I printed out words then matted and layered onto coloured card then cut a star and put each boys name on.
I wasn't there so I can only convey bits and pieces without much timeline accuracy, but I know that she continued throwing up many, many times throughout the night... 30 or so was a guess. She had intense chest, arm and back pain and it was hard to breathe.
Inevitable wandering, people come and go
Emily has an appointment at the TPN clinic today. I am nervous. She is in a bad way again. Retching all morning, throwing up meds, grumpy most of the day. I hate this for my girl!!!
At a certain point, I believe the Pentagon will probably send people in to the TV headquarters in the US.
The whole world:
I know people who are huge Stanley Kubrick fans. They've never met a Stanley Kubrick film they didn't like.
To start, a platoon sergeant is in charge of the whole platoon. Then under her is four squad leaders. These are usually the people you see in the very front of a platoon when we are marching. The first squad leader is the person who will replace the platoon sergeant in their absence.
I went ahead and hemmed it, and I cannot WAIT to play with this idea some more.
Now: Success, on Schedule
"Again, our goal would be to seek international permission, and we would come to the Congress and inform you, and determine how best to approach this, determine whether or not we would want to get permission from the Congress, I think those are issues we would have to discuss as we decide what to do here.
The baby was born, and will live her entire life with this condition. And her parents successfully won a lawsuit alleging she should have never been allowed to live in the first place. The child is now four years old, and as I understand, otherwise healthy.
It's a two-hander so there's no place for the actors to hide. I couldn't take my eyes off of her. That she's a Goddess dressed in black leather and lace underthings who exudes sexuality throughout much of the show certainly does not help poor Hugh. I think her seductions were directed at me specifically, even though I was in the back of the balcony. I wonder how she was able to sense my presence from so far away? Acting!
The set list includes all the music from the new CD. We’ll also be playing Haste to the Wedding and The Wedding Night Jig in honor of SamTheDrummer’s engagement. There will be a wedding next spring, and I hear he’ll be arranging some very complicated music and making me play it. And I would deserve that.
From Elizabeth Bishop: Poems, Prose and Letters, ed. Robert Giroux and Lloyd Schwartz (New York: Library of America, 2008).
Fortunately, I had two weapons in my arsenal that weren't remarkable in any way individually, but when combined, provided the perfect traveling drinking rig: The Sports Bottle and Jean Jacket.
1st Sentence: Allison Spooner wanted to leave town for the holiday, but there was nowhere to go.
M – Motorola
a step back in time. See the days
While I was celebrating my boyfriend and mum, I didn't have time to change my manicure so I was wearing a silver chrome with a crackle on top. The result was a bit sloppy so I didn't take any pictures ;) I finally had time to change my manicure, and I took one look at my untrieds and knew I had to try the original version of Here Today... Aragon Tomorrow from OPI.
Then, the next message came thru....
I heard a choir of angels sing and a bright light appeared above one particular pair of shoes. I slowly walked over and there on the shelf was a pair of 1960’s Salvadore Farragamo reptile skin pumps. My breath caught in my chest, everything else in the room went blurry as I reached out to touch the holy grail of shoes. Then from out of no where a hand reached out and snatched them from the shelf. I fell to my knees and screamed “NOOOOOO!!!!!! I wasn’t done petting them.” Then just as the little boy in the final scenes of the movie Shane I screamed out “Come BACKKK!” sniffle, sniffle “PLEASE COME BACK!!!!!”
“The camera of this my bold is no longer as clear as it should be. I don’t even like this phone anymore!” One of the girls whined. Her two friends laughed and one quipped, “Throw it away then”
We all stood in front of it last week commenting on how much we liked that it’s inset – it makes it look like it’s been their forever, like something you’d see in an old house:
It’s ’cause you took my breath away–when you said no to me, in all forms–the antiseptic “no,” the nicer “no,” the brutally mean “no” and “never” mixed with threats . . . especially when you said “yes” and then “no” :’( that took my breath away. Yes, IT DID.
Last Wednesday, 56 year old Paul Ray Witherspoon frightened a female hospital patient while using the women and girl’s restroom at Dallas Parkland Hospital while wearing a bulky ankle tracking device used for high risk parolees. The woman notified the police, who arrived at the scene and questioned the parolee, who offered that he is a serial child sexual predator now on monitored GPS tracking for his parole.
Ryan Katz (QB Oregon State)- Admittedly Katz isn’t on anyone’s “watch list” but seriously, someone needs to take the fall for that terrible loss to Sacramento State.
“To me, it’s the death of health care. And that’s sad, because this was a real opportunity. I think people voted heavily Democratic because they wanted something done to solve the health care problem, and instead we’re just getting something that will benefit the insurance companies.”
turned.
3) a few hours later
Larry took Rachel and Jake on a lunch date to the local shooting range this week. Apparently you can't just go into the hills and do target shooting. The first problem would be that there are no hills in Louisiana. At least not down here. Way up Norf' they get some. Everyone here pays to go to a range.
3. if i haven't heard by noon, i'm calling the doc.
The combination was great. I layered the Bok Choy on the cooked Rice Stick Noodles, then added the Shrimp and drizzled the whole thing with Sriracha. Such an amazing meal!
Without further ado, here’s my bucket list of people I’d love to meet, in no particular order:
One other amusing thing. There's a website which rates the readability of your blog. I plugged in my URL and got back the determination that it's:
4. It would take a modern spaceship 70,000 years to get to the nearest star to earth.
will be e-mailed to you ASAP, or within few hours.
A pretty child, or God's blue heaven,
high neck and legs out. it's springsummer after all, so keep it short with thigh skimming hems and sweet by creating decolletage- concealing silhouttees.sleeve length optional.
Facing up is a brave act.
Get out your notebooks. I was a little too cryptic earlier this week. So let’s talk about the no-compete clause and the Author’s Warranties in publishing contracts.
She is absolutely adorable... and nameless! Yes, the poor little gal doesn't have a name. We've considered Mademoiselle Katerina le Paws, and Amelia le Paws, Kat and Amelia respectively for short. Katerina, we just think is funny because her nickname would be Kat... with a "K," and Amelia because Frank proposed to me on Amelia Island. Le Paws is just going to be her "french" last name. You know, to make her sound fancy. :) She kept us up all night and is currently destroying every flower arrangement I have in the house. Adorable. Poor Frank is allergic to her, and said he would be fine as long as she didn't come in the bedroom. Then the crying started... er... wailing. Well, the sucker that I am was able to give her clearance into the bedroom, which of course eventually became the bed. Her love for Frank and his body heat showed throughout the night, as every time I woke up that she wasn't on my face, she was on his. Poor Frank. Of course, there was another "unfan" of our little gal. Our giant killer rabbit, Cadburry.
Dismiss before we can learn all.
"You alright Hannah? You look very pale."
We should talk about my family. I don't think it would be completely out of line to perhaps have a candy dish of said alprazolam on hand for such stress-laden holiday events as Thanksgiving. I can't talk about the crazy parts of my family because that would be rude. Not that they read my blog. But anyway. It's rude to say your family is crazy. I'm pretty sure.
Ideas are money in seed form. Give them what they need to grow. ~BDL
So far today I have eaten:
For sides I had Frieda’s Organic Traditional Polenta. I sliced the polenta thinly into 1/4-inch-thick slices. Placed on a lightly oiled baking sheet. Brushed the polenta with a 1/2 tablespoon of the oil. Baked them at 350 degrees for 10 minutes. I left the info and web site link for Frieda’s Below. I also had boiled Mini Carrots and Healthy Life Whole Grain Bread. For dessert later a Yoplait Chocolate Eclair Parfait.
Time for the next installment of dreaming about the kitchen! And on to what may be the biggest issue. If you've read this blog for any amount of time, you know I am obsessed with open shelving in the kitchen. I just love it for its simplicity, its relaxed feel, for how it can expand a room, for how it allows for pretty display.
I have been practicing and watching create n craft tv picking up on various hints tips n techniques ....
-Why it doesn’t matter whether you believe in climate change or not, since failure to change our energy policy will remove the United States from its perch as both the economic, military and political superpower, presuming the damage is not already irreversible.
Includes - All materials as well as drinks and nibblies are included (Lavazza Coffee is extra at $2 per cup.)
Rock and roll used to be fun and fairly innocent. It was often about love, such as when Buddy Holly sang "Peggy Sue," or when Jerry Lee Lewis performed "Great Balls of Fire." Or it was just about having fun such as when Chubby Checker had us doing "The Twist" and Ritchie Valens was teaching us how to sing in Spanish with "La Bamba." The most sexually provocative song out was "Louie Louie" by The Kingsman. I have no idea why as the lyrics are basically unintelligible, but that's how the story goes.
According to the court's summary of the matter, the case involves a woman attempting to hold the police minister partially responsible for her rape, at the age of 13, by a policeman who was out of uniform and on call at the time of the crime.
Remember to pray everyday!
As Yelena tries to escape her new dilemma, disasters keep mounting. Rebels plot to seize Ixia and Yelena develops magical powers she can't control. Her life is threatened again and choices must be made. But this time the outcomes aren't so clear...
You must make an effort to pay the minimum payment at least on your credit cards when you are engaged in repairing your credit. Anytime a payment is late, it is reported to the credit bureaus and this looks very bad on your report. If you can pay the minimum balance, it will show that you can be responsible.
I chose a frame and sentiment "Enjoy Life's Simple Moments" which seemed perfect for my page. I needed the sign to hang on the right hand side of my page but the hanger was meant to be on the left hand side when stamped. To solve my issue, I stamped it onto acetate, handcut it and flipped it around and applied it to the right hand side of my page. The sign is stamped with Memento Rich Cocoa and diecut with Spellbinders Labels 15.
"Tonight she was decked out in tight black velvet jeans, a pair of sparkly pink leg warmers and a purple satin blouse."
This reminds me of doing (or not) my Maths homework - trying a couple of the easier bits then refusing to do the rest while sulking and whining "It's not fair! I hate Maths!" Reverting to one's teenage self is so unappealing.... Sorry, Ariane! (And sorry to Mr Buckingham, my Maths teacher 1976-80.)
I had originally thought about putting her name on it but then decided I didn't want to spend the time at the moment. To save confusion with later children, I'll just make them in different colours.
Let's face it. Romney isn't exciting anyone. Newt excels at irritating us. Santorum confuses us. Ron Paul is ignored.
Sunday, 6 August: Komarom and the “A” towns: Gyor, a city we had actually heard of and were looking forward to visiting because of its basilica, was only 20 kilometers away so we were there very early. So early on a Sunday morning that nothing was open so still no breakfast. An elderly lady approached us as we were standing off our bikes and immediately directed us to MacDonalds, assuming that is what we were looking for. She told us that other than the Basilica, MacDonalds was the only thing in Gyor worth visiting. MacDonalds is not a place we ordinarily visit very often but we were hungry and really wanted some coffee so we took her advice. We had coffee, juice and three (each) cherry turnovers. I still remember them because they were very hot and I burned my mouth on the sugary, syrupy filling.
Back home in New York now with a black and white milkshake from the diner, and the baby happily playing with some choking hazard or another next to me, things are already inordinately better. And other things have become inordinately clearer.
Frankly, whether this is a 'speciality' beer or not (or even a 'novelty' beer - as some misguided traditionalists will surely say), it is absolutely top-drawer stuff regardless of any mode of classification.
What is the current market landscape and what is changing?
Each living inch of you was miracle,
1 accustomed
These beauties were donated by fellow artisan Melinda Orr. Many of you know Melinda, I'm sure. If you don't, however, getting to know her will be how these Turtle/Cross copper/patina earrings ($30 value) can be yours. Melinda can be found at numerous spots on the web.
Stand fast therefore in the liberty by which Christ has made us free . . . —Galatians 5:1
The Sisterhood always knows best.
Jackson - 161
Passion....learning (I was/am that kid)
The article goes on to report difficulties in Lady Churchill’s marriage. “Poor Jerome, who like many another American, has learned that the position of father-in-law to an English noble is a position full of difficulties and a small very unsatisfactory share of barren honor.”
We have been so busy the past few weeks that we have really let our Monday Night Dates go out the window.
The 2011 Mobile World Congress website has launched! Tour the site to learn about exciting new details for the must-attend event in the mobile industry.
"Open minds, open innovation Not so many years ago, the term “open innovation” was unknown to the intellectual property community. While the concept existed, there was little evidence that it existed, or that it was likely to gain any currency at all, before the publication in 2003 of Henry Chesburgh's Open Innovation: The new imperative for creating and profiting from technology. Since then, the term has gained momentum in common parlance. However it is only in the past year or two that open innovation is becoming something that is more widely and positively spoken of as something which a business might participate in, rather than as something rather strange and risky, to be indulged in by others — preferably in North America and the Asia-Pacific.
As I discovered on my trip to the UK last year, there are cogs and then there are other cogs.
To be fair - to myself, and to everyone else out there trying to conceive - we have only been trying for 7 weeks, or two cycles ( the first of which, having come off the pill, i dont think i ovulated anyway ). So its not like we've been trying forever, or are even anywhere near thinking about fertility tests in the like.... its just that i so badly want a baby like RIGHT THIS VERY MINUTE and had my fingers crossed that it would all happen in an instant . ( You know, like it did last time, when i missed two days worth of the Pill and miraculously fell pregnant.) But it hasnt and i know, in my head, that it very rarely does happen like that.
“Earth is a 3-D puzzle, made of large pieces called tectonic plates. Every part of the world’s surface, land or sea, sits atop these plates. Areas where they meet are called subduction zones, and sometimes one massive plate will slide beneath another, triggering an earthquake...”
Four Sparrow Marsh is located on southbound Flatbush Ave, just past Toys R Us but before Floyd Bennet Field. It bears the NYC Parks Dept's "Forever Wild" logo. The NYC Parks Dept. website says:
Semi-Finals
So, Script Frenzy has been an *epic* fail. I have…3 pages of my goal of 25. So…looks like Authors should stick to Novel Writing. ON THE PLUS SIDE!!!! I got a story published on TeenInk.com, called “The Night Hunters”, it would be much appreciated for anyone to read, comment, recommend or rate it, as it has only got 65 views, and 0 comments, ratings, and recommendations.
In accessing these possibilities, Grabowsky says that a festival needs to be the result of a meaningful process that includes the local arts community, and which results in the public experiencing the kind of work that they haven't seen before. "Why else would governments spend so much money on them?" he asks rhetorically. "What else are they for?"
I also have a scanning ap on my Ipad, but I’ve never figured out how to make it work well, so I relied on the camera feature.
A room is a room, right? But I have to write about this one. Maun would call it the strangest experience of our whole trip. The owner responded to our knock and told us that he indeed had a room. He showed us to another building with an incredibly steep set of stairs. We climbed up and found a shabby room where the bathroom light didn’t work. I told Maun to keep the man busy for a minute while I found another light globe to try. No problem keeping him occupied, he was enjoying using his perfect English and had already told us that he knew English so well because he was a doctor. The other globe didn’t work either so we told him we didn’t want the room and blamed it on the steep stairs that wouldn’t work for Maun and her ailing hip. I don’t know where we thought we were going to go. No matter, he said, he had another solution and then led us, accompanied all the while by one of the biggest dogs I have ever seen, through a construction sight to a row of little cottages that were obviously new but unfinished. He said they were going to be honeymoon cottages. If we didn’t mind the unfinished state of things and the construction debris, we could have one of the cottages for the same price as the room. Part of the construction was a big hole that he explained was going to be a swimming pool. We would have to be careful, he said. The cottages were something else. They looked like they came out of a fairy tale. But they were new and actually quite fancy. They all gave on a large central room that would soon be a kitchen and lounge, he said. And there was a large bathroom with brand new fixtures. But no hot water because neither he nor we could figure out the fancy new water heater. Madame would fix it, he said. We had come to doubt the existence of madame but we decided it was okay and told him we would take the room. Madame did appear later and turned on the water without saying a word. He talked for both of them though, and when we were finally putting our things in the room we didn’t think he would ever leave, he again appeared glad to have the chance to speak English. When we asked him about securing the bikes he simply pointed to the dog. I think he was right, it really was a big dog. Maun called him Bonzo and he was friendly to us. Seeing his wife had somehow put us at ease so we cleaned up and went to look for something to eat.
Stephen Goldspink, Peterborough City Councillor.
As for the race, it started at the base of Lake Sonoma dam and wound through picturesque country roads over gently rolling hills past several vineyards and wineries before finishing at Alderbrook just outside of Healdsburg, with a net elevation drop of 100 feet. After recovering from a bout with bursitis in April that knocked me out of the Santa Cruz Half Marathon, then going through a personally stressful period in June and July that affected my training. Having completed a number of runs of 7-12 miles around 7:00-7:10 minute per mile pace that were pretty challenging, I was just hoping to break 1:30, about 6:52 per mile pace.
Laugh at the cold as if it were funny
Years ago, I had come across a television movie, at my local video store, about a 19th African-American who found himself kidnapped into slavery. Being a history nut about 19th century America, I decided to check it out. The movie turned out to be 1984's “HALF SLAVE, HALF FREE: SOLOMON NORTHUP’S ODYSSEY”.
Let me ask you- out of that six thousand one hundred and fifty six readers, how many of those writers and aspiring writers write spot on? Write well? No misspellings, no grammatical errors?
I’m that bad as a soothsayer.
If you'd truly intended to help or "improve" your future daughter-in-law, you know there are a dozen different better ways to have approached the perceived flaws in her character. No, this email was intended to hurt her and to make yourself feel better, plain and simple. As such, you are the one who should pull the stick out of your arse and apologize to the lady in question, as well as to your step-son.
In other news I have completed my red square and am both excited about it, and in a silly way, a tad embarrassed. My piece is very novice, but I enjoyed doing it, and am pleased with how it looks.
I suppose it came to me while I was walking the dogs. We have two of them, both lively and requiring a lot of exercise, so I spend a good deal of time out in the countryside around my home, in all weathers, alone with my spaniels and my thoughts. It’s actually when I’ve done a lot of my best ‘writing’ over the years, for all that I carry no notebook or pen: I’ve constructed dialogue, solved log jams in plots, and reached understandings of my characters’ motivation.
Stop Burning Wood Pellets
A few birds chased each other around the oak trees in the plains, chirping with a fulfilled satisfaction. It calmed the minds of the nervous adventurers. The sun had the perfect warmth to it and, combined with a gentle breeze, the Arcane Plains felt more like a tropical resort. Many took note of the feeling it was providing them, thinking they might not have the chance to enjoy another like it. Their two day journey was nearly complete and most were silent at the thought of what could be waiting on the other side of River Droon.
Read the article via this link (scroll to page 3): http://www.appalachiantrail.org/docs/atj/2011/04/15/atj-november-december-2010.pdf
- Jeni uses Ugandan vanilla beans, but I used some beautiful ones that I'd ordered online recently. I usually rub the vanilla seeds into the sugar to keep them from clumping together but this time I forgot. As it turned out, with all of the whisking in this recipe, the seeds separated and were dispersed nicely.
____________________________________________________________________________________________
We’ve read news reports from Peru the mass dolphin deaths could be related to an ‘earthquake zone’, pollution, climate change, a possible marine mammal virus, morbillivirus DMV, and sonar equipment tests used by oil companies which were allegedly carried out in June of 2011.
reading nook - check
There's scars on my face and broken bottles 'round this place that still remind me of him
And so my dear Rattus
from when you were in my shoes.
Fire-A ribbon set like the air one but this one has deep reds and yellows and it REALLY looks like a fire as the ribbons tangle and set upon each other. Rhea sat her fan back and put it on it and it looked really neat but I was worried about an actual fire so she stopped. As I went trying to make the ribbons I tried out felt, cotton and some silk that was from Sunshine's birthing blankets (they were tie dyed a rainbow color so all the different colors would lend her what she needed when she needed.). None of them would fall back on their self and make a fire and nothing mixed and moved like it. I found it in the bridal aisle. It also doesn't ravel but I do recommend serging or sewing it for the backgrounds..
I really value your help and I would like to improve at this style :-) I would like you to always tell me as it is ,,, I don't need ,,, fabby card etc etc blah blah ,, lol ,, we can all write those lol :-) I really do appreciate criticism and would never be offended ,, :-) ,,, so please ,,, be as brutal as ya like ,, I can take it :-) ,,, and THANKS !!
aromatic warmth
2 wheels
It’s Bea’s first Christmas with her baby son, and this year she’s determined to do everything right. But there is still so much to do: the Christmas menu needs refining; her café, The Honey Pot, needs decorating; and she’s invited the whole neighbourhood to a party on Christmas Day. She really doesn’t have time to get involved in two new people’s lives, let alone fall in love…When Olivia gets knocked over in the street, however, Bea can’t help bringing her into The Honey Pot and getting to know her. Olivia’s life is even more hectic than her own, and with her fiancé’s entire family over from Ireland for Christmas, she shouldn’t be lingering in the cosy warmth of Bea’s café. Chloe, on the other hand, has nowhere else to go. Her affair with a married man has alienated her friends, and left her lonelier than ever.But Christmas is a magical time, and in the fragrant atmosphere of The Honey Pot, anything can happen: new friends can be made, hearts can heal, and romance can finally blossom…
My next article will talk about the Milwaukee Brewers, Prince Fielder and a fundamental economic principle, opportunity cost.
That's all for now, thanks for visiting!!! :)
Fellow cupcake addicts: Run, don't walk, to Dorothy Ann's. This place has a mouth watering selection of cupcakes in their case, all piled high with rich frosting and many with cream fillings. The pistachio chocolate cupcake is frosted with chocolate buttercream frosting, filled with an AMAZING pistachio cream, and sprinkled with crushed pistachios. This cupcake will make me a repeat customer. Also delicious is the pina colada cupcake, filled with a pineapple jelly and topped with a creamy coconut frosting. Dorothy Ann's makes a lot of seasonal treats. Currently they have Irish Cream cupcakes, four leaf clover sugar cookies, and many other green goodies. All cupcakes are $2 a piece, while most bakery items will cost you even less. The location can be tricky to find tucked about a half mile off of Tamarack Rd. and Commerce Drive, but it is certainly worth the search!
Part One: Becoming The Observer
into every nook, into every hollow,
This week a debate in the House of Lords drew attention to the “dodgy practices” of the companies, which take up to 30 per cent of any compensation paid out. They have been accused of cold calling customers and misleading them into thinking that they could not make a claim by themselves.
This boy is my first born, and it's his birthday.
Of course we are aware that it could have just been a temporary improvement, but just to see him calm, even just for a little while was a real bonus, we are praying though that the Dementia has moved to a different phase and the awful tormented time has gone.
Let cool and remove from form
Where further talk
Washington (CNN) — What did you do over your summer vacation?
The Challenge: Create a Valentine’s Day Card. Include sequins or gems and ribbon.
Review Copy Source: Publisher (Cybils review copy)
Stepping Heavenward by Elizabeth Prentiss. I breezed through this book last summer. It is a fictionalized account, but based heavily on Prentiss' own experiences. It follows one woman from age 16, in 1831, through motherhood and beyond. It is written in journal form. Deep thoughts such as sanctification and good works and why and how we should do them are tackled in this book as well as the transforming power of change that can occur when we submit to God.
For the past two weeks I’ve done about zero on my novel. Perhaps only a few paragraphs at most. I had turned to working on the city map to clear my brain. Hoping that I just needed a bit of time to recharge. But that didn’t do much.
33. If trousers say massah teef, yuh can’t doubt am. If someone close to you says something about you it is most likely true.
Another note – especially if you’re storing ‘cuter’ things, you don’t have to use the plain, possibly ripped up brown ones you see most the time. There’s always coloured ones like the one above, or if you’re really up for it, get the paints (or aerosols!) out, or cover it with thin fabric.
My son inherited his love for cheesecake from his father and my daughter is becoming more game and will happily devour a piece of plain homebrand frozen cheesecake from the supermarket. This was the extent of the cheesecake eating in this house. A $2.99 homebrand frozen cheesecake from the supermarket.
Debbie immediately found a sign made just for her.
By the time we left Moscow that December, the Soviet Union was no more, and dead with it, already, were many of the happy illusions and hopes that the coup’s failure had stirred. Soon, crime had begun to fill the power void. (Four students in our group of ten were victims of one attack or another that fall, from muggings to one serious beating.) And then there were the shortages: by mid-fall, state-store shelves were empty. By November, even potatoes weren’t so easy to find.
“There are about 1200 containers of pyrochemical salt scrap, and a few hundred containers of miscellaneous scrap. LANL has active capabilities for processing nearly all forms of plutonium scrap and, with the exception of salts, has generally not allowed a large backlog to accumulate.” (Section II-C). “LANL has the only general purpose plutonium processing capability in the Complex that is fully operational at this time.” (Section IV-B).
Drozdowski said he did his part in steering his friend toward a relationship with his new bride.
Thank You For joining Us! You Will Have Fun!
Whispered desperate words in the secret night. A plea. A bargain. If only, then I will believe again.
But there is a happy outcome to this story. Prepare to be very, very jealous. You see, they called the head of Security Training - oh yes, the Head of Security Training - over and they have decied that my brain (not yours, MINE) is going to be used as part of their training manual. I said that I'd have to charge for this. They actually for several moments looked as though they thought I was being serious, but I decided not to push my luck and I quit while I was not really ahead. But anyway, yes, I am proud to tell you that it is now the case that my brain is part of the training for airport security.
Third: Guiness Baby
Still working on balancing my hormones but it's not as bad as it used to be.
It isn’t too late. You can still return to me with all your heart.
To make the existing consumers to uptrade to 1Kg size, and capture the heavy users of the competitive brands like Complan and Viva.
And speaking of the Greenville News, Sunday's piece on tech colleges offering job training was SHAMEFUL in its lack of reporting and total acceptance of the status quo. It was one long commercial for technical colleges, as their recent piece on BJU's spring opera season was one long commercial for Bob Jones University. Do they even understand the difference between reporting and press releases? Do they have any clue what real newspapers write about? Have they ever seen the New York Times, or even the Spartanburg Herald?
So you have until 11:59pm 30th December to submit your entries for this challenge. You can enter a maximum of 3 times if you wish. But they must be NEW entries only please.
Oh, someone's dead,” Kates dad said.
Harvey, on the other hand, is an acquired taste. Years ago, I had an employee who was a recluse and very difficult, yet we shared many views and interests. We often engaged in deep conversations, sometimes leading to debates. On one instance, I used the phrase "acquired taste." She was militant in her opinion that such a thing did not exist, telling me that acquired taste to her was synonymous with shoving something down one's throat. She averred that she knew all her likes and dislikes from an early age. I found that absurd and extremely narrow. We argued, and I cited bitter greens as an example of what is an acquired taste for most people. I argued that something can be truly disliked and, in time, come to be appreciated and even loved. That tastes can EVOLVE AND CHANGE. Some of the best things in life come to be appreciated over time. She was not persuaded, and I finally let it drop.
"This is called MORE POWER TO THE PEOPLE, class."
Black Malt - 3.8%
Creatively Yours is a wonderful set consisting of eight images designed to add that professional touch to your handmade creations. The gorgeous image I've used here usually says 'handstamped' in the little box but with a stamp-a-majig, all things are possible...
The free online magazine is focusing on Midwest Fly Fishing and is definately worth a browse. And you will notice that the image on the last page if you have wandered through our shop
So if you guys being following me for a while you'd know that i have very sensitive/allergy prone skin.. and about 2 months ago i started to have mild allergy attacks at night... i mean it lasted a awhile then i was on medication so it was gone, and while i was in china it only happened one time so i thought great i think im finally over it right??? WRONG....since Sunday night, my body started to react very badly to unknown substance, and since then ive got hives all over my skin from my feet to my face...i mean it comes and goes, but its not going away permenately...and because the doctor doesn't know what i'm allergic to yet, he said only for me to take Benadryl..while it does help with the itching it makes very drowsy....and i really start to hate myself at the moment, like major self pity....
So, I gathered items out of the pantry and made a delicious, moist cake. I used the cake mix, a large chocolate pudding, vegetable oil, milk, and topped it off with random chocolate chips. It was SO divine! The cherry chips were an added punch of flavor!
So how does one gain a following to make interviews handy and keep the story tips rolling in?
3 Ribbon/Trim
people to go crazy with, and can handle good conversations :)
I put my pea back in the freezer.
In 2010, 553 votes were cast - the top 6 vote getters in no particular order were:
Until then, may your Christmas bring great happiness,
However, this fails to take into consideration the overall image of American welfare these days. While in the past years of worse economic times there was always the re-strengthening on our country through some sort of industrial, powerhouse notion that empowered young people to grit their teeth and dig their heels in. Now, with the country all but giving away its value for skilled trade and labor jobs, newly becoming graduates are finding themselves devalued to their own sense of brightness.
Cake flavor: Pineapple cake with pecans inside of it frosted with cream cheese filling and decorated in fondant!
the blink of a blind man’s roving eye
Excerpt;
And from many, many a village in the darkness of the valley,
Having given it this much though, I believe I should break out the buffing cloth and revisit those sites. That is, if I can remember where they all are. That includes the one here, on WordPress which I’ve been wanting to change up for some time. It seemed a little depressing.
Zuma, not being the Chaka, might be interrupted with impunity by the
I want to talk further with the children about transformations and the question of what quantity of something's qualities have to stay the same for something to still be the same. I've been thinking about ways of doing this. One would be drawing, if I drew a little picture and then I drew the same picture with a detail changed, and then a picture of that with a detail changed, talking with the children as I go about when the new picture ceases to be a variation of the original or if it does. I want to tie it in with Alice wondering whether she remains the same person after going through so many changes. We've talked a bit about that already, about how the qualities of Alice changed (her ability to remember poems, perhaps, and her size) but she was still Alice. What is the defining feature of Alice? Is there any number of changes she could go through after which she wouldn't be Alice? Perhaps I'll use playdough in discussing this. If I made a playdough Alice, to what is the name Alice attached? Is it attached to the particular pattern of indents and such that shape the lump, and thus my Alice ceases to be Alice when I alter the pattern? (And then how many or what types of changes make Alice not Alice, and which chases are simply changes in Alice's position, expression, etc?) Or would the name refer to the lump of playdough so that when I reshape the lump into a duck it is Alice-shaped-like-a-duck-but-still-Alice? What is a name?
The last 36 hours have been tough, grueling, as well as full of revelations, as they were back in 2006, when the government armed personnel attempted to take possession of customary and traditional lands along the last 70 miles of the Texas-Mexico border through the use of armed force and intimidation of the elders.
8. His dancing ability has been widely recognized, but do you know that his rap is pretty MANLY too? Go listen to “Love should go on”.
“Yes, sir,” the guy in the back seat says. “From all the information which I’ve been able to get, she was taken to this hospital.”
"The Creators drew light from the universe, as pure and hard as any diamond. They crushed it underfoot and scattered it onto a young earth as tiny grains of sand, forging a desert without beginning or end.”
Dirty Harry was released in 1971.
I am learning to follow my instincts!
Anyway... My story of prom weekend... Early Friday morning I got an emergency call from work around 4:30am. I didn't get back to sleep. Friday night, I got another emergency call from the same client at 11:30 and then again as soon as I got back to sleep again, at 1:30am, which kept me up the rest of the night. So long about 6:30 am or so Saturday, I finally laid down for a 2 hour nap, where upon my cell phone rang again... I went back to work for another couple hours. No other sleep that afternoon. I did try, but it wasn't working.
The gifts I find difficult to receive are almost always the ones I wouldn’t have chosen on my own. Like singleness, or moving back to my hometown after college, or severely burning/scarring my right arm. I wouldn’t think to choose these gifts, but I am learning that they have been (and still are!) gifts to embrace. It is just takes time for perspective to shift.
I’m not going to take for granted living in Granada, Spain.
The big hike! After breakfast we started with an Uaz-bus to Khinalik and could get 2600 m asl by car and went up to more then 3100. It was a great day with nice weather and besides the numerous Horned Larks, Snowfinches, Rock Pipits, Wheatears and other mountain species, we saw of course also Güldenstads Redstarts and Caucasian Snowcocks, both with great observations. We also had all four vultures, a Golden Eagle hunting snowcocks and an immature Imperial Eagle.
So, Picasso. What do we all think? I really like some of his pieces, but not much of his art on display at Musée Picasso spoke to me. Except maybe to say 'too busy looking at the view to paint properly'. And really, you couldn't blame him.
Oh yeah, dat’s right, dey flew da coop,
Musician: The Avett Brothers, Ryan Adams, Bob Dylan, The Grateful Dead, Fleet Foxes, Bon Iver, Andrew Bird... I was a music junkie before I was ever a design junkie.
The 'soil' is a Noma recipe made from hazelnut meal and Guinness. Beneath the soil is a layer of herbed yoghurt.
There is growing concern about the use of England’s draconian libel laws to stifle expert scrutiny of scientific evidence. Simon Singh, the science writer, has been sued for libel by the British Chiropractic Association over an article in which he questioned the evidence that spinal manipulation could treat childhood conditions such as asthma and colic.
Sometimes I wonder if my life is a series of bad decisions. But then there are a lot of random stories I have thanks to them. Or wise ones. Like when people say “hey I’m getting a credit card” then I can tell them the story of how I racked up multiple thousands of dollars of debt thanks to not being controlled. Their eyes bulge a little and suddenly they’re all “errr”.
On Thursday 15th police found the bodies of suspected thieves Luxolo Mpontshane, 25, Mabhuti Matinise, 20, and Sivuyile Rola, 28. They were allegedly kidnapped by community members and tortured for nine hours after they were suspected of stealing a plasma television set.
Original Gravity: 1.057.
How do you suppose that the Lord would look upon a man and a woman whose marriage seems to be largely for the purpose of living together and sex gratification without the responsibilities of marriage? How do you think that the Lord looks upon those who use the contraceptives because in their selfish life it is not the convenient moment to bear children? How do you feel the Lord looks upon those who would trade flesh-and-blood children for pianos or television or furniture or an automobile, and is this not actually the case when people will buy these luxuries and yet cannot afford to have their children? Are there not numerous people who first buy the luxury article and then find they cannot pay the doctor or a hospital bill incident to childbirth? How do you think the Lord feels about women who forego the pleasures and glories of motherhood that they might retain their figures, that their social life might not be affected, that they might avoid the deprivations, pains, and agonies of childbearing and berthing? How do you think the Lord feels as he views healthy parents who could have children but who deliberately close the doors by operation or by contraceptives, close the doors upon spirits eager to enter into mortal bodies?
Those were the good 'ol days wasn't it? When Duncan Hines and Betty Crocker were always welcome to the after-dinner party in our mouth. Ahh the silky texture of high fructose corn syrup and natural color #14c. Of course key lime icing should be bright green. That just means the cows who made the butter had green spots on them! What's that? Duncan Hines doesn't list butter as an ingredient in their buttercream? Hmm. Ignorance is bliss. These days, the only thing better than using fresh brown speckled eggs from a happily roaming hen and unashamedly fatty butter or milk from a healthy grazing cow, is getting to see those chickens and holsters up close and thank them in person. Little did they know they'd be taking part in one of the most deliciously divine cakes of all time.
I wanted to price out eyeshadow primer so we went by Sephora. There were a couple of seemingly unattended 8-9yo girls rabidly applying and washing off as much tester makeup as they could. So of course Emberly wanted some makeup. I told her she had to pick out ONE eyeshadow and ONE lipstick and she could try it before we left.
In terms of commercial components, Retail was down 1.3% in the quarter, Office was down 1.6% and industrial was down 1.7%. JLL are, yet again surprisingly, upbeat about the figures saying that the 1.3% decline in Q1 is the smallest quarterly decline since Q4, 2007 (with a single exception of Q3, 2010). The most recent capital declines have been as follows: (2010) Q1 (2.1%), Q2 (4.7%), Q3 (1.1%), Q4 (3%) and Q1, 2011 (1.3%) – personally I feel sympathy for the property companies trying to paint an upbeat picture whilst the market is clearly still very challenging.
While the badly needed rest for Sanchez is expected, don’t think her fans to be resting. The fans and supporters of Jessica continuously campaigning for the Fil-Am singer. Just last March 7, 2012 the San Diego radio station 93.3 had some of the fans, who call themselves “BluJay”s in the studio Wednesday looking to put together support for the hometown contestant. Radio personalities Frankie and Geena invited the fans up to talk about Jessica Sanchez and what can be done to support the hometown girl.
Sprinkle shredded mozzarella on top and bake in a 375 oven until the cheese melts.
Beside your immediate family you have a treasured extended family that loves you intensely. They were all so surprised and excited to hear the news back in August that there would be another little one in the family. These are among the most tender, compassionate, beloved, determined and courageous people you could ever hope to meet. No matter what, we are always there for each other, picking each other up in times of despair, and we always come out on the other side stronger than who we started out as. You come from a long line of strong fighters, my love! Simply by having made it this far, you definitely have inherited that strength.
Don Custodio
Nate went to kick the footy with Josh and I stayed at home to do Uni work. I am really behind, surprise surprise (mainly due to too much Game of Thrones, Hart of Dixie, Revenge and Chuck)... so I have been spending a few hours/days in front of my laptop.
But the difference on this side of the Pond – above any other – is the lack of any monocultural love of a real Nation which, for all its myriad faults, has given most US immigrants a life fulfilment that almost certainly would not have been possible in the homeland – the ‘Old Country’.
I spend most of my time hunched over my laptop, working alone at home. But this Thursday – 1 March – is World Book Day and like many children’s writers, I have been invited into a school for an Author Visit. This year, thanks to organiser and fellow author, Karen McCombie, I will be visiting Year 5 at Campsbourne School in Hornsey, north London. The main focus of my hour-long session will be Flash Fiction and I have already asked the children to make a blank mini-book in advance. I
There are only two years ago, Mona lost her father Atle Bakke, who was shot and killed at Tøyen . Stoltenberg comforted the family with the whole of Norway shared the grief with them.
It’s all tied.
Put some flour in a flat surface. Divide the dough in two pieces. Form two loaves(10cm width, 3-3 cm thick). Sprinkle some sugar on top. Place them on a baking tray with baking paper.
In the first place, if there is to be war against the Turk, it should be fought at the emperor’s command, under his banner, and in his name. Then everyone can assure his own conscience that he is obeying the ordinance of God, since we know that the emperor is our true overlord and head, and he who obeys him, in such a case, obeys God also, while he who disobeys him disobeys God also. If he dies in this obedience, he dies in a good state, and if he has previously repented and believes on Christ, he is saved. These things, I suppose, everyone knows better than I can teach him, and would to God they knew them as well as they think they do. Yet we will say something more about them.
God took the strength of a mountain,
3. Do you think more people are reading in the Netherlands because of the dwarsligger’s convenience and portability?
At the time it started I was young. A few years before Desert Storm had rattled through Iraq showing the full power of the US war machine. I marvelled at sights of F-16s and Abrams tanks on the television actually in combat. I was the kind of kid who grew up playing with tanks, so seeing them really working and fighting on the nine o’clock news was a bit of a treat. When I was a little older the atrocities in Yugoslavia were in full swing, I got the idea that there was nothing glorious about this war. Here was pictures of refugees, villages being bombed, citizen armies, starvation, death, and failed strategies by the armies with the big, fancy modern machinery.This was brutal and savage. But my memories of it are blurred; I was becoming a teenager at the time and there were much more important things for me to be concentrating on, such as the joys of puberty.
"I'll kick your ass if you're making this shit up," she's serious. She's in no mood to be fucked with. This whole scenario is ridiculous. Who does he think she is. She's been in this game for years not like some of the bum-fluffed embryo's that keep her company at night. She knows her shit and dead people do not rise. Well, not until now.
Be persistent
Moriarty quotes Rilke: “However vast outer space may be, yet with all its sidereal distances, it hardly bears comparison with the dimension, with the depth dimension of our inner being, which does not even need the spaciousness of the universe to be within itself almost unfathomable.” (Invoking Ireland P201/202).
Rajendra Pachauri was apparently too busy to check into glaciergate problems in December. We now know why. Instead of proofreading climate articles, Pachauri has been busy launching a softcore novel about the sexual adventures of a climate expert in his late 60s.
The only reason I am going to waste any blog space on this travesty is because I am a completes. I vowed a week’s worth of Planet of the Apes posts and I aim to fill out the full seven days, too. But I absolutely despise this movie. Hate, hate, hate it. Much of my animosity has to do with my fondness for the original, but there are several other reasons.
FUCKING SERIOUSLY
He lacks explosive speed to bend the edge. Very raw and doesn’t have great technique. Crawford needs to read the game better and show better anticipation at the next level.
While growing up, Apartheid and Nelson Mandela were very common subjects that were part of TV news everyday. Though, I had some idea of what was happening in South Africa, I had no idea about the details till I finished reading this book “A Rainbow in the Night” by Dominique Lapierre recently. I vaguely remember a college debate amongst friends talking about South Africa pulling out of Cricket World Cup if the referendum on Apartheid was not successful in favor of abolishing it.
Every town should have one
5) Gaydar is a hyper-evolved Mean Girls. Andy posted a rather Shoreditch-esque pic of himself in Kanye West sunnies. I loved it; the gays thought otherwise. His pic stats plummeted. It has since been changed.
At close to four hundred pounds,
Survival – Life
As many of you know, I absolutely love and adore Sassy Studio images. I'm always happy with the cards I produce with them as they are so easy to colour and work with. They actually had a DT call a couple of months ago but unfortunately it was during my blogging break and I was unsure if I could commit the time. I didn't apply and am now totally kicking myself! Oh well, I'm sure there will be another one in the future <U+263A>
MISS NINA
Now that Paul is happily hitched, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind me telling you about the counselling I gave him after his divorce from Heather “Moneybags” Mills.
I imagine a few of you are thinking 'hmm sounds like their Yakima Red, their 4% amber ale??' Certainly ratings on ratebeer would agree with that. I have never had it so forked out its £4.99 price tag.
roll and a spinach-soy cheese
Is this a glimpse of what lies ahead for South Africa? It probably is the most accurate indicator of things to come in South Africa.
By your dichotomous mind
Action turned to ugly farce
Rick Santorum is no longer in the running for President. Of course, by now, you already knew that. I realized, while writing the post analyzing the rise and fall of Dickface McAssjuice (come on, I missed the whole campaign; let me have this one), that this has been done to death by now.
I am not the only one who likes a guess; Jackie of Farmlanebooks, Nomadreader, Open Letters and Her Royal Orangeness have had a crack too, plus Jessica (who has become one of my new favourite bloggers, she makes me howl) has done her top five. I will report back with the list of books and my thoughts when it’s been announced. Until then, what books would you like to see (not necessarily the same as the books you think will) end up on the Orange Prize Longlist when it gets announced?
This includes SA Defence Force actions, for instance the 600 deaths at Kassinga in Angola during the war in 1978.
Seriously - irony taking a break here-
Here is one of my favorites:
Meanwhile, it may be worth storing some beers for yourself, preferably in a cellar that is well out of daily reach. A very good article on cellaring beer can be found here. It recommends a storing temperature of 13-15 degrees Celcius, somewhat higher than the 7-10 degrees prevailing in the Kulminator cellar. But then again you may not manage to keep your stock for thirty years.
A battle for my sanity. A battle that felt like the hordes of hell itself had pitted itself agin me.
“Hum-di-dum,” mused George. “What do you think, GB?”
As much as I enjoy getting to write about music, it's always a juggling act to handle the onslaught of SXSW-related writing assignments justice without grossly neglecting my duties to the people of Texas. I'm very thankful the people gave me a day off today so I could knock out a profile of local punk rock mayhem artists the Krum Bums.
This weekend was especially sweet. On Saturday we had dinner with our dear friends at their house. Our girls are best friends, we love their company, and boy can they cook!!!! It's always such a teat to eat at their house! I made these cookies for our dessert. Hearts because we love our friends; green because it's March!
Alpha Male Simon Cowell has come out in defence of Newcastle’s sweetheart, Cheryl Cole claiming he is solely responsible for her success and now claims he “propelled her into a different league”.The former “X Factor” judge who Cowell fired from the US show believes that her success and celebrity status mostly springs from her appearance on the UK “X Factor”.
“I am the commander of the third air wing,” General Watanabe continued. “My orders are to support you in your mission any way possible.”
When my alarm went off I dragged myself out of bed, got ready, and ate my usual English muffin with peanut butter. Jason and I met Kim and Steven in the hotel lobby and we left for the race around 6 AM. Due to the traffic we got to the start with only about 15 minutes to spare. While the national anthem played I wormed my way through the crowd and put myself near the 9:00 minute/mile pace sign. I picked out some people to try and stick with and, although the Garmin only said 6:59, the horn sounded and we were off.
HONORABLE MENTION CUPS OF TEA -- 9 this week:
Brian Aherne The Great Garrick
Enjoy your work. No complaining, or carrying around frustration. Be happy and hopeful.
Make your blood run green
“We are not able to ship this item to your default shipping address”
Natasha Romanoff: He killed 80 people in 2 days
1 piece of 12 x 12 solid card stock in a coordinating color
I am honored. We love you.
Veiled and gesturing at a piece of meat
Japan’s real gross domestic product contracted 0.8% during the month of March, swinging from growth in February, according to research cited in a Nikkei business daily report.
My boys looked forward to these neon, fluffy, make-you-happier-than-a-Cadbury-Egg- chicks. Do you know how happy it makes me when my kids are more excited about something they don’t get to eat and that causes one of their combined 16 cavities, (per our last family dentist appointment). Do not judge. Yes, they brush.
Police were unsure of the exact details of the incident but the farmer was shot in the head and the three attackers fled with his bakkie.
Lauren
All manuscripts submitted should be one of the following three types of paper:
Well, about a week or so upon returning to Hawaii, Joshua came home and said there is a possibility that he will be offered the position as the Chief Pilot of his current job. The thing is, that we never expected there to be a possibility for moving up in this company. We knew that the amount of money Joshua started off making would never change and that was one huge reason for us wanting so desperately to get back to the mainland. Living off our savings and having our savings dwindle very quickly was not working!!!
So you come, you return, you gain not only understanding, wisdom, knowledge—what you can think of as spiritual regeneration—and then, in concert with many, including your guides and guardian angels and, many times, whoever you are going to be working with—for example, myself or Archangel Raphael—and then you emerge again. But let us suggest to you that on this journey of what you are thinking of as linear, that you have emerged bigger, brighter, clearer, more connected. And that is why you spend your life, very often, in the knowing of certain things, of certain truths. That is why you teach, communicate, heal others, because you have this knowing already within your sphere.
The lost souls.
Ingrid played by herself for a long time this morning, she got into my button stash. It's amazing how simple things like buttons or scraps of fabric can keep her occupied for ages! I used the time she was busy and Otis was sleeping to make my living room curtains.
Kids Polo Shirts With Halloween Logos
It is not a happy tale, and the implications are all quite macabre as to what actually transpired, as opposed to the movie’s unreliable narration, but the film is powerful and haunting all the same. I also like that it’s so accessible and cleaned up. Rather than coming off as cheap and phoned in just to make a quick buck, it feels like time and effort went into making it – a calculated, precise work that shows its effort off like a badge. This is a very mainstream take on the horror genre, and for once it actually works like a gem, as The Others is just magnificent. Scary, artful, meaningful and gripping, this is a bonafide classic of the genre.
A couple of months ago, someone (I think it was Arielle Greenberg? or Danielle Pafunda?) posted on facebook a few lines from LR’s book The Men, with a superlative gush about how much she loved it. I loved the excerpt she posted so much that I ordered the book. It is strange that I didn’t have it. I had heard her read from it many years ago at a Segue reading, at that same reading where I had made my awkward introduction to her. I had been interested in the poem, but there was something about LR’s elegant and distanced way of reading it aloud that kept it at arms’ length from me. Interestingly, I wrote my own “the men” poem a couple of years later. I knew that my poem (“Orgone Gophers,” which appeared in Folly) owed some debt to hers, but mine was so different, goofily bop-prosodic, neologistically bumbling, that it seemed
3) I am currently working on my third degree in Medical Science and plan to start work on my PhD next year.
At home with just dry ingredients:
This is an album to be savored – one that takes many repeated listens to fully appreciate the musical intricacies. The quality of musicianship rivals anything that is on the indie scene these days. While some of the Ryan-led tracks do sound somewhat similar, one of Town Hall’s greatest assets is their ability to never “sit still” within a song. They move gracefully from verse to verse, all the while weaving in and out of catchy riffs and fills without it feeling jumpy or disconnected.
allies.
I know – we’ve all heard this stuff before at least a thousand times. Everywhere you look there’s somebody touting the latest diet that guarantees you will lose 20 pounds in 20 days. But until I discovered the best way for me, it was all just noise. I had to be determined, dedicated and yes, stubborn about wanting to lose weight. No excuses. Going to the gym 4 times a week. Every week. I’ve never done that before in my life, but I have to say after missing one day last week I actually felt deprived! Weird.
I’m getting yelled at by an overling with little to no hair on his head, and a full handlebar mustache. This is the kind of thing that makes me think god has a sense of humor. Bald with a mustache, priceless.
Now should I be trying to impress other mothers? Making all these cutesy little bags and stuff? Because to be honest, my kids bring home all their little baggies and I cut off the top, dump the contents into our big candy bowl and toss all the rest. I don't sit and look at all the stuff and say "Oh that is crafty" and "How cute it that". Because me? I am not impressed. And my kids? Could care less, they just want the candy anyway! And I don't have time to compete with all the other mothers who have time during their day to do that!
12.SLANT 6 "What Kind of Monster Are You?"
sitting all by herself at the antique market,
-Chicago’s Allstate Arena concert sold out in minutes forcing the second show to go on sale, which also sold out over the weekend.
After relaxing on our balcony, we headed to Tiki’s in Waikiki to meet up with fellow Fodorites (Melissa, Lucy, Paula, David, Hank, and Janice). Tony and I met Melissa and Lucy back in 2003 with other Fodories. I told Melissa I would like to meet at Tiki’s. Love the place and the food. She made the arrangements with the marketing manager, got us a nice table, complimentary parking for 3 hours (which was the right amount of time) and we had a great time. We received complimentary pupu’s: Kalbi beef gyoza, ahi-tuna spread with toast, and edamame that was coated in a decadent white truffle oil. The edamame was so good that some of us used the empty edamame shells and toast to sop up the oil. The gyoza and tuna tartar was also delicious.
Insp Spurgeon said the scale of the operation meant innocent members of the community experiencing some disruption.
See Lewis Schaffer live every Tuesday and Wednesday at the Source Below. Free admission. Reserve at http://bit.ly/londonfreeshow
1 lg. green pepper, cut into short, thin strips
make out the woman giving birth under a tree.
I was almost eaten by a giant grasshopper today!
by Christa Holder Ocker
Challenges I joined:
They really went all out in customizing a pork dish so that Daniel could eat it on his special no-carbs diet. They sauteed the pork slices and place them atop steamed veggies, replacing the usually cabbage in the dish. Silver noodles, rather than rice were provided as a side since they are very low-carb, being made out of mung bean sprouts. Daniel was quite impressed and said that it is better than any Thai food he's tried in Berkeley. It may be tiny (the kitchen and dining room are equal in size), but it packs a punch!
works with Orbit Baby Sidekick Stroller Board, Color Packs, Stroller Travel Bag, Green Edition Footmuff (sizes Small and Large), Weather Pack (size Large), and Stroller Panniers
But up there at the courthouse they didn't laugh
Court Reporter Training And Certification
American Reign to End in 2016? Miss USA Susie Castillo Sexually Assaulted TSA Style! TSA ‘Touched My Vagina 4 Times!’ What You Don’t Know About The Libyan Crisis! More Lies By The Establishment! Who Said That NATO Is Not Taking Sides In The Libyan Crisis? Zionists Evict Palestinian Granny From Her Home And Force Her To Sleep Rough! Flashback 2005: Senator Joe Biden Says There Is An Agenda To Get Everyone Microchipped And Brain Scanned ! Zionist ’666' Israel’s Racist Rabbis Say Ethnic Cleansing Working, Call For More! John Perkins: Libya – It’s Not About Oil, It’s About Currency and Loans! Bob Chapman: Silver Going To $60 – HSBC Will Have To Default! The FedRes Is Buying 83% of Treasuries!
And with its interaction
Crowded street corners,
In other knitting news I have misplaced my knitting bag with the 'for me knit' enclosed. If you find it, please send it home. For more crafty spaces around the globe, grab a cuppa and enjoy.
- vocation
I hope you have enjoyed this weeks freebies, and they help you a little in your Christmas crafting.
So let us stop the debate of home school, private or public school. Let us focus inwardly on what God is calling us to do as our children's parents. The questions that we must ask ourselves are these...
When Mick Ward and his partners opened The Irish Embassy Pub in downtown Durango in 2008, it was a truly unique place within the context of the local bar scene.
When she isn’t busy breaking down entirely, Brownie does other things to punish her owner for being poor: She burns oil like a binge drinker. She conspires with speculators to raise the price of gasoline to unaffordable levels. She and her insurance agent friends consistently raise the rates for no reason, and somehow she’s made sure that auto repair shops keep the price for fixing her equivalent to a full month’s wages, no matter what the problem is.
Recently, at the request of many of our younger readers; those Veterans who’ve recently returned from active duty overseas, we approached the effervescent powerful youth icon, Mister Immortal Technique, and asked him for a perspective on the current issues of the day. His truth will blow your mind………..
Ofelia Zepeda
“Making sure it isn’t tight enough to cut off her circulation.”
Sitting across from Nikki Sixx backstage at Boutwell Auditorium in Birmingham, Alabama, I started making up the song Darling Nikki.
This is where a new sort of self control comes in. Not one to abstain from all the things you love, but rather, allow the things you love in small doses that can help you to push through those off days where all you can do is just sit there and wonder why you are doing what you are doing in the first place.
Bush Radio has decided to make these programmes available online and so that learners could use them as a refresher and something to help ease their stress.
The study, published in the journal Diabetes Care and presented by Dr Lu at a conference of the Australian and New Zealand College of Anaesthetists, retested blood samples taken as part of the major AusDiab study of risk factors for diabetes.
There are more than 200 wolves in Sweden, in the autumn 2012 it maybe 240 more than one year old and 100 pups (violating limits set by parliament). The stem is rather seriously inbred (F=0.3) because the stem has few founders. Most experts and me believe that actions to reduce inbreeding should be the first priority over raise in number. Immigration from the eastern neighbour Finland is low, but two immigrants got their first pups 2008 and their progeny has formed a number of family groups, and therefore the inbreeding has decreased somewhat. Preparations are made for translocating pups from zoos to wild dens, but will not be executed before 2013. The increase in wolf number was reduced by hunting 2010 and 2011. But the EU commission did not like that and indicated it may violate EU-law, as the wolf was hunted without being declared FCS (”favorable conservation status”). Now growth is uncontrolled and no evident long-term policy is enforced. Three documents (investigations on behalf of the government) exist to form a basis for a long-term policy (Liljelund Apr 11, Liljelund Apr 12 and NVV June 12 available as draft). No-one knows what the Swedish government dares to do without risking complaints from EU or if the growth will stop before the biological limit is reached. The groups who oppose more wolves get better organised and more active. The last months even rather large organisations opposed any wild wolves (a new situation, earlier only unorganized individuals existed). Those who want more wolves remain active.
I won this book from a Shelf Awareness contest.
I have always wanted to roast mushrooms. I never used to like them, but I’ve become more accustomed to them now (and quite fond of wild mushrooms). I think properly roasting anything makes it taste amazing, so I thought fro sure that roasting these lovely little mushrooms would bring out the earthy goodness of them. It did. However, there is one simple rule to preparing good roasted mushrooms. Make sure your mushrooms are clean. Whatever you do, do NOT submerge your mushrooms in water. That can damage their delicate form and make them mushy when cooked. Simply wipe them off with a damp cloth or paper towel.
“I can’t go on any more sweet-heart!” he firmly held her hand. He could feel that dawn was approaching from the position of the stars.
shot home. But then:
in other licensing news, i can barely wait to share the news with you about what's coming in 2011. it's big, like pee in your pants, can hardly believe it big.
"Think of your spine ending inside your head, not at the top of your neck, and feel your head floating there atop the spine," my Alexander teacher tells me as she helps me relearn the posture of a child, one of many tactics of a strategy I am waging to alleviate the pain of repetitive strain injury that radiates from my hands up to my neck. So I focus on the essence of that physical relationship, and the unlikelihood of carrying around an eight-pound weight upon something as thin as a spine, like a Chinese circus performer balancing a white plate vertically on the end of a stick. It is almost easier to picture my head invisible, like those of vestal virgins standing in stone along the lane of the Roman Forum. Those heads are gone from their bodies—weightless in their absence—yet their essence remains, sacred in memory and imagination. However I think of it, there needs to be mindfulness of my head and spine as one, in flow.
It's all contextual. Who you are, or rather the relevant parts of who you are, depends on the situation, doesn't it? For example, when I wrote the bio requested of me for the staff newsletter, I kept it simple. A few words about my past job in a psychiatric hospital, a passing nod to my education (which turned out to be quite relevant because one of the people making the decision to hire me is also an I.U. grad), and a quick mention of the awards I've won in the International Administrative Assistants Olympics. (Silver medal in sorting out Fed-Ex Fuck-ups; Gold in Excel Spreadsheet Obstacle Courses, and an all expenses paid weekend at the Sybaris and a case of Pabst Blue Ribbon for coming in fifth place in the Chicagoland Office Chair Demolition Derby 1994.)
Oh Topshop, why do you do this to me? Against my better judgement, I succumbed to the Topshop website the other day, and spotted a grand total of 5 dresses which I want in my wardrobe NOW. Unfortunately, my bank balance can barely stretch to one, let alone all five! I think my favourite would have to be the embellished black dress - click here to see it close-up, the detail is pretty stunning. The yellow dress would bring a gorgeous splash of colour to a winter night out; while the white crochet dress could be dressed up or down, slung over a white slip and opaque black tights. Well, I will be getting the first installment of my student loan soon... :P
That may be about to change...
This covenant allowed Muslim extremists to plan attacks abroad and develop terror networks here. In 1999 it was reported that each year approximately 2,000 Muslims were trained about Holy War at camps in Britain run by Bakri’s organisation al-Muhajiroun.
I also got a new phone case...it's hello kitty :D
Then after applying Revlon Nail Enamel in 050 White On White with a toothpick to create the scales effect, I added on another two layers of OPI Catch Me in Your Net. It does look a little like snake skin...
Last week, a large chunk of North America (including P.E.I.) was in the middle of a heat wave the likes of which we have never seen. And that’s not just a figure of speech. According to Dr. Jeff Master of the Weather Channel, “There have never been so many temperature records broken for spring warmth in a one-week period.” Dr. Masters published a statistical analysis in which he concluded “It is highly unlikely the warmth of the current ‘Summer in March’ heat wave could have occurred unless the climate was warming.”
PTSD renders us all useless at some point.
Kim HyunJoong’s ‘Break Down’ is out on pre-order since 20-May through online music websites. This album is the very first album released under Kim HyunJoong’s own name, and produced over a year’s time with the best staffs.
a hillscape of the sheets and covers, you buried there.
Today's Prompt: What's the story of the most difficult challenge you've faced in a relationship? Did you overcome it? What was the outcome?
9AM – nap. new this week – nap NOT TOUCHING MAMA.
A A
Yep, all the time. Gone are the days of the normal reaction of ‘oops’ or ‘I cocked up there’ (did they even exist?). Now, it’s the end of the world if I make a mistake, or if something goes wrong. I recently ran an event, the whole day was a complete success, and I was thanked by many people for all the work I had put in to make it run so smoothly. There was, however, one small error that I made, and I tortured myself for days over it.I forgot all about the positive feedback that I had recieved – this one small error led to a long period of suicidal ideation because I clearly wasn’t good enough to be allowed to live any longer.
Everywhere there is the sound of running water and falling droplets. In the distance I can hear sea gulls laughing. These last two weeks there have been birds everywhere. Snow sparrows have appeared, little black and white birds which flit around in groups, and there seems to have been an increase in eagles. All types of water fowl have appeared in the fjord, including some mallard ducks of the kind I used to feed as a child in Swindon's Queen's Park. In the fjord last week we saw either some kind of small dolphins or very large fish which kept breaking the surface of the water around sunset. There was also a theory that they might have been otters, because our neighbours have seen an otter making its way through our garden. So I guess I'm not much of a naturalist if all I can tell you is "there was something down there in the water," but it was quite a sight and that night I dreamt of porpoise and otters the size of sea lions.
For more information or assistance with other long-term planning issues such as wills, trusts, and powers of attorney, contact the experienced elder law attorneys at Janna Dutton & Associates.
Yeah, Cool World is obviously a noir-ish spoof of hard-boiled dramas with duplicitous dames, hard-nosed characters and the dark, seamy underbelly of life... albeit with a cartoon slant on things... but it has not one iota of joy or excitement in what it's doing or what it has the ability to accomplish.
Wish us a whole lotta luck Thursday night. And pray for Max on Friday, when he will be getting his umpteenth millionth pair of tubes!!
With unsteady tracking
I wrote a few poems about the white deer, verses that didn’t make it into Poems from the Battlefield. The white deer poems didn’t match the tone of the book–the series seemed more about the miracle of the creatures than the history of their habitat. I could have edited the poems, but I didn’t want to ruin the uniqueness of the experience as expressed in the original pieces. There may yet be a place for the unedited white deer poems, but for now, this is the place. Enjoy.
Patience
Wow - this challenge really grabbed your imagination and we had some really good scenes as a result. The great quality made it harder than ever to pick the top three (we wish we could pick you all as you were all very good - so well done everyone), but without further ado here are our choices this time:
Empire State is out now, published by Angry Robot.
This category has five titles listed because there was a tie on number of votes and first place choices. Generally a very quiet category for recommendations; last year I think the longlist was shorter than the shortlist, though I might be misremembering! Good job no one went for the SF Encyclopedia – I was kicking myself the day after voting for not recommending it – or the jury would have had an awful lot to read. It’s funny how I’m more surprised by the things that I didn’t vote for that didn’t get in, than I am by the things I did vote for that didn’t get in. This looks like a very readable shortlist to me.
If you’ve been reading, you know the answer.
- No icing, the cake can still be excellent, depending on the quality.
Hey look Rita's Italian ices!
Our friendship seemed to have petered out in our 3rd year. We did meet for coffee to catch up about once a month. In his 3rd year, he started going out with a Roedean girl with a Roedean voice from my class. Her name is Juliet and she is well-known for her Bloomsbury look with high cheekbones and pursed lips. After the university, they got married and moved to Munich.
These are now 'mostly' removed and reveal performances as being far better than when heard through a barrage of distracting surface defects.
1 tsp cumin powder
Finding Water by Julia Cameron
There were no rules, there were no three (really, two) dominant genres, and game developers did not have the fat, clueless CEO and even stupider marketing "expert" breathing down their necks to develop YET ANOTHER FPS or RTS.
E-book, e-book publishing, create ebook,
Axelrod: he would have stood by and let
Guess it's time to dust off the blog.
So, to be clear, you ultimately don't need to be going seven miles a second to begin with. You can alter your velocity on the way up however you please...but in the end, you'll have to end up spending at least as much energy as you would've going 7 miles per second initially.
It all started last April; and , yes pedants, I know it actually started long before that, but (hint) this isn't a medical textbook.
I feel like my heart has stopped beating
If you look at my browser right now, you'll see around 39 tabs. This is mostly your fault. You who post about interesting links that I just have to check out, you who write a brilliant post that I read in Google Reader but that I then have to open in another tab to comment on, you who suggest that book or that movie that I need to go and read about. I also have interesting articles or ideas that I think may the basis for a good post here, my Flickr page, where I've been planning to add some photos for weeks... I think you get the idea.
Today I just didn't feel "writerly." I thought what a horrible way to end this beautiful challenge. It shouldn't be this way I thought. I should feel more "writerly" shouldn't I??? I began to think I'm just not pushing myself enough and asked, "Am I just phoning it in?" Then I heard this song as I was running today and and I ran a bit harder, it summed up how I was feeling. All I can see sometimes is that blank page, I need to trust that if I "open the window" and "feel the rain," "drench myself in words unspoken" ideas and words will come. Some days they'll be good, but most days it will be dribble.
From Wikipedia.org
I blame Mad Men. Bert Cooper keeps quoting Ayn Rand. I’ve heard constant references made to Atlas Shrugged and about how it’s such an important novel. One of my Facebook friends has gone so far to exclaim that this book has made the most impact on his life, next to the Bible. I guess a lot of people think that.
kept the snowflakes-on-kraft background, scalloped frame and striking "tall card" design when she lifted tesa b's fabulous snowman card, but substituted a happy santa in her charming design!
But against a backdrop of noisy chatter, the bilingual group were far superior at processing sounds.
My father dead in the closet, wearing his blue pajama bottoms and surgical scrubs top from his days as a medic in the army, hands and feet bound together by duct tape, an extension cord noosed around his neck and tied to the clothing rod. His glasses were on but severely cockeyed and his face was blue. His bare feet dangled only a few inches from the floor, and just out of reach is a footstool, kicked away after long moments of mental preparation. Nearby, scribbled into the pages of his sketchbook, was his suicide note. It didn’t offer much in the way of explanation, only said, “I’m sorry,” and gave directions on how to disperse of both his body and his belongings.
Thrown in jail
You are Mine.
After you set up an account, you can get your own Share the Love link and you get love points for each person you refer. Love points can be used for more free polish. It's a win-win for everyone!
Thank you, Poochie-Pie!
Niteroi, Brazil
He looked at her, the way he always looked at her. She looked away, as she always did, but for a different reason. I don’t know you anymore, this was all a lie. She felt sick. The pain in her gut slowly rose, choking her from inside. She felt the tears fighting to freedom.
At just 21-years-old, Wu has captured the attention of some of the most respected people in the Canadian fashion industry and has been critiqued by the media to the point where he’s dealing with anxiety on a daily basis.
**Quick Note: This device also utilizes Micro-USB as do most new smart phones in the market today. It is the new standard for cell phone chargers and thus will eliminate a lot of redundant chargers in our homes, offices, and cars.
Scribbling simple math equations is nothing new. People across the nation are calculating what money is coming in and what is going out. They are looking at the numbers and wondering how to make more, save more, buy more, and pay off more. Or how to have more money left at the end of the month rather than more month left at the end of the money.
How does it work? It’s very simple. To work out whether your arrangements are up-to-scratch, all you need to do is answer a series of multiple choice questions.
The renewal fee for the 13th year of the patent in question was due on 15 November 2004, but was not paid in time, and was still not paid by the end of the additional period allowed by section 25(4), resulting in the patent lapsing on 15 May 2005 (but ceasing to have effect as from the renewal date). An application for restoration was filed on 11 May 2006, within the 19 month period allowed for under rule 41(1)(a) of the Patents Rules 1995. A preliminary view was taken by the Patent Office that the requirements for restoration had not been met.
But about a quarter of the building remains under contract to the SEC. Tim Jaroch, managing general partner of David Nassif Associates, which owns the building, said the lease required the agency to begin paying $1.3 million monthly on Nov. 1 of 2011, meaning it will owe $7.75 million by April 30 and $18 million by Dec. 31.
She writes, ‘ I pity celebrities. No, I do. Celebrities were once perfectly pleasant human beings, but now, their wrath is awful. More than any of us, they wanted fame and recognition. They worked, the pushed . . . The morning after each of them became famous, they wanted to take an overdose because that giant that giant thing they were striving for, that fame thing that was going to make everything okay, that was gong to make their lives bearable, that was going to provide them with personal fulfillment and happiness, had happened. And nothing changed. They were still them. The disillusionment turned them howling and insufferable.’
I used the gorgeous Crafter's Workshop blossom stencil with some mauve paint and gesso for the background to tie in with the flowers in my photo. I just love the doily chippies from Scrapware and used one to frame my photo, then trimmed it with some lace for a little texture. I found a beautiful purple & beige doily a while ago at my local op shop and thought it was perfect colour for my LO. Couldn't resist adding some Collections butterflies and paper blossoms, with a little muslin under the flowers to create a bit of softness to finish my page.
This dish can be made ahead of time. To make ahead, put the macaroni and cheese in the baking dish, cover, and refrigerate until ready to bake. Put the tomatoes and bread crumbs on top and bake for about 40 to 50 minutes.
PRETTY AMY by Lisa Burstein will be out May 15 in paperback and e-book from Entangled Teen.
A gender identity is not the same thing as a medical condition or physical birth challenge
On that day, it was hard for me to imagine a time I would have to say no to Barack Obama when he asked me for support. But last week, the Congressional Hispanic Caucus sat down with the president, and he asked us to vote for the health care reform bill — a bill that denies immigrants the opportunity to purchase health care with their own money. It was one more in a string of disappointments for the Hispanic community, and today, I no longer find myself able to confidently say “yes” when President Obama asks me for his support.
The present system has limitations and I’m sure that members of the council are interested to hear criticisms of those limitations.
his stats are as follows:
Kept forgetting each time.
I know you need so much love
Now, when you first end a day in Pathologic a message comes up on screen. It tells you, in simple, silent text, how many have died in the village and how many are infected. It also says that there are eleven days left, and it’s not lying. When you open your journal you can clearly see twelve tabs, one for each day. The game ceaselessly reminds you of its own span.
FM Sources @320
NATURAL ENEMIES starts from here, and depicts Paul on his last day on earth. In its methodical depiction of its protagonist's daily routine, the film is almost reminiscent of John G. Avildsen's SAVE THE TIGER (1973), but unlike Jack Lemmon's garment factory owner in that film, Paul Steward is already dead to himself when we meet him.
Miriam Black knows when you will die. She’s foreseen hundreds of car crashes, heart attacks, strokes, and suicides.
Artemisia tridentata var. tridentata (Basin Big Sagebrush)
Long Version
From my own experience, I’d say that it truly is a great thing if you’re looking for variety in your work life – but it also means that you have to be able to adapt, adjust your train of thought at a moment’s notice and hit the ground running on any number of wide-ranging tasks.
ex.father to son,mother to daughter
The 48-year-old First Lady wore a short sleeve white, kelly green and royal blue color-block Preen Pre-Fall 2012 collection cocktail sheath dress with asymmetric design on the top, peplum and belted waist. The chic knee length frock was accessorized with earrings, a crystal marquis Alexis Bittar ‘Sapphire’ brooch pin (last seen at the State of the Union address) and gold pointed-toe pumps.
website. It provides an extensive and comprehensive compilation of researched information and support tools written in accessible language. Some of the facts about eating disorders may surprise you. And I cannot express emphatically enough how valuable the support tools are.
I didnt want her to get raped, I didnt want her to be unsafe.
“Bukhara…Bukhara…”
"Whether you think you can or you can't, you are right." - Henry Ford
Caffeine moonlit eyes
To some it's a six-pack, to me it's a "support group." Salvation in a can!
Kindle edition – short story – 121 KB – .99¢
Fear of success or fear of failure.
Yngve A, Sjöström M. Breastfeeding in countries of the European Union and EFTA: current and proposed recommendations, rational, prevalence, length and trends. Public Health Nutrition 2001; 4: 631-645.
17) Leeroy Jenkins
Recently, they've actually become one of the emails that I don't automatically send to the "trash" folder.
They are the best neighbors and given she is gone for a week-we are having her husband over for dinner on Tuesday night.
Stay awhile with me
Tomorrow, we're off to Fairbanks!
Naturally, members of your local critique group will also do that. The problem may be that they don’t see the whole text and may only be judging at a line-editing level. They may, for instance, say that your characters aren’t clear. Well, probably not if the first time they’ve met them is in Chapter Six and you’ve introduced them effectively in Chapter One. And even if your critique group has seen the whole text, as you’ve altered it as you’ve gone along, they can probably no longer be really objective.
I'm Unschooled. Yes, I Can Write. celebrated it's third birthday yesterday (though there wasn't much celebrating since I didn't realize until today that yesterday was the third anniversary of this blog!). When I started writing it, I had a vague idea that I wanted to prove to both myself, and whatever rare reader stumbled across my blog, that unschoolers really do learn things all the time. That unschooling really "works." But as I grew more confident in unschooling, and as my writing/blogging skills improved, I started to focus less on my-unschooling-life-as-it-happens, and more on the philosophy of unschooling, using my life to illustrate the points I was trying to make. I enjoyed (and still enjoy) writing that type of post. Apparently, so do other people! I started, as most blogs do, with virtually no readers (family doesn't count). And now, three years later, just through Blogger's follower tracker (which only counts people who have a Blogger account and choose to follow this blog through their account) I have nearly 430 followers. This blog's Facebook page has over 1,800 fans. This blog has gotten big! And through blogging, I'm speaking at a conference again this fall (possibly two, as I've been invited to a vague conference that may or may not be happening in Montreal, as well), am recognized by name at most education things I go to, and have been asked (though whether I say yes or not depends on a lot of things) for film, radio, article, and blog post interviews.
Until now. Maybe.
Since 1983 F1 cars have needed a flat floor in-between the front and rear wheels, then this floor needed to be stepped since 1995. In the late eighties when designers were slimming and raising the nose of the cars, there was a need to create a floor section under the front of the monocoque to meet the flat bottom rules. The most obvious first splitter was the Tyrrell 019 with its fully raised nose, since then the splitter has been more and more exposed as teams seek to raise and narrow the chassis cross section for aerodynamic benefit.
shouri akuma is about a girl who lost all her fortune and had to go to a regular school with other students who have extremely colorful characters. There’s also a guy who cross-dresses as a girl and she falls in love with him. The art is gorgeous, lots of humor, romance, and really sweet. if you liked usotsuki lily, you’ll love this.
*Yelling "WHATEVER!" loudly
- Pancake
I thought I was thine.
As regulars will know, Fabulous Other Half (FOH) and I do enjoy nothing more than an outing to a National Trust property for a little historic enlightenment and a nose at how the well to do of yesteryear lived. This Sunday past was slightly different. We started off the day with a slap-up breakfast at our local diner and then instead of a drive into the countryside it was a leisurely stroll because Osterley Park is local, a mere 5 blocks!
Setlist (Will Fit On 1 Disc):
Scared of the dark?
I added some faux stitching all the way around with a white marker.
Soon, more and more of “them” arrived, and we all found ourselves in my unconscious father’s room- our fingers intertwined, as we stood in a circle around the bed, and prayed.
274...extra cuddles with my third
One of our dry cows didn't show up at the feed trough this morning. After searching for her for nearly an hour, we found her on the ground with rear leg paralysis. We helped her up with a front-end loader, but she could not stand under her own power. After working with her for a while, we all agreed that she had very little chance of recovery. She was in obvious distress and pain, and we decided the most humane course of action was to euthanize her.
My story--as many of you know--is Science Fiction. I also have a lot of characters, and the ones I focus on the most are either not the celebratory type, or there is no room for celebrating in their world (it can get pretty rough, and many are focused on just surviving). But some of my characters do engage in the Winter Celebrations, and here is a piece on what some of my characters who live in the city might find during this part of the season:
One word to describe my weekend and the start of the week! LOL!! It was a rare that I can sleep in and be in my jammies most of the weekend. So let's started with all this HAPPINESS...
Happy Friday everyone, I hope you all have a good weekend.
Time: 8;00 – 9:00 am
Let me loose so that i can
We got in the car to head to school, and memories of the prior day's joyful, funky songfest made me hungry for more, so I turned on "Baby I'm a Star" again--where it all began.
07) Child In Time (Deep Purple)
There is an increasing body of academic literature on spaces and expressions of piety amongst Muslim communities. The following titles provide an introduction to various perspectives on the history, development and use of spaces by Muslims for worship and piety in both historical and contemporary contexts.
Five reasons are offered for why accounting students should join LinkedIn. This is followed by 11 hints for use.
Anyway, my batteries died. Notice I said “batteries” not “battery”. There are two of them and they were both toast.
Warren’s life was filled with music, being taught at an early age by his father, then attending New York Military Academy majoring in music. He was a trombonist with his brother’s band, Les Brown and the Band of Renown until he went into the Navy in World War II where he served for 3 years. Upon discharge, he entered the business end of music and joined Leeds Music in New York City. Because of his success as a “song plugger” finding hit songs for many artists and overseeing many educational projects for Leeds, he was transferred to California to open and head the Leeds Music office there. The company sold to MCA and Warren served as Vice President of MCA Music, Inc., later to become Universal Music, until his retirement in 1981. During his tenure, he found Strangers In the Night for Frank Sinatra, Girl from Ipanema for Antonio Carlos Jobin, and helped market in the USA the innovative music album Jesus Christ Super Star, Downtown by Petula Clark, and It’s Not Unusual by Tom Jones.
It was probably later the next day when I was thinking about the conversation and I thought of the word hospital and that it is part of the word hospitality. I love hospitality! I mean, whether I’m guest or host, there is nothing like good hospitality. So what was the person in charge of words thinking when they named a hospital a hospital? What were they thinking? I should have their job.
A bottle of Spanish cider (Escanciador Extra Sider, $7) is light and sweet and the perfect accompaniment to lunch. On tap there are three different draught beers from 4 Pines ($7-$8) with bottled beers including Franziskaner Wiessbier (Germany, $9 for 500ml), Stiegl premium lager (Austria, $7.50), Monteith's black beer (New Zealand, $7.50), Dalgety Red ale (Australia, $9) and Dalgety smoked porter (Australia, $9.50).
The MIC has selected Hindu Sangam president R. S. Mohan Shan, Universiti Malaya’s former head of Indian Studies Department Dr S. Singaravelu, the department’s current head, Associate Professor Dr S. Kumaran, MIC education bureau chairman Datuk Dr T. Marimuthu and former education ministry official G. Krishnabagwan to be in the panel.
The drive between San Diego and Mesa was surprisingly beautiful. The mountains lined with trees gave way to gorgeous unique landscape as far as the eye could see of hills of rock against a perfect blue sky, lending way to the sifting sands desert landscape.
Hello, hello! How was your weekend? My birthday weekend was divine! I was smothered with love, attention, affection and food! Well, I wasn't literally smothered in food, but I ate a lot of it. And thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes...even though we're virtual stalkers of each other, it still made my day!
FAMILY FITNESS TOGETHER PROGRAM
is full,
12.man in a long coat
When we compared notes verbally, it turns out Tracey's views are pretty much the same as mine, and neither of us agree with everything in the excerpts in green below. A lot of it is right according to our views, but some things I have quite strong reservations about.
It does take a while to cook. Be sure to read through the recipe- a total of about an hour and 20 minutes. When my sauce had about 20 minutes to go, I put the meatballs in the oven and started to boil the water for my spaghetti. Also, be sure to keep the heat on low while it's simmering, or you'll have a pretty messy red splattered kitchen... I speak from experience. :)
I started with a photo of a Tokyo train station by Kirk Pedersen, from his book Urban Asia. I was attracted to the gritty colors in contrast the the saturated brights. The strong lines of the ductwork on the left side gave the composition a sense of movement.
But…what makes me laugh at this whole thing….my daughter asked me to excuse her from her first hour today. Why you ask? She received a love letter from a boy in that class and she didn’t want to face him. Ironic isn’t it? My response…”Man-up you can’t avoid it forever”. I then asked her if she wanted me to make her a sign.. in which she refused.
Couscous, Onions, Tomatoes & Fish Broth
but don't worry, I didn't get a fright. I approached it calmly and said, "why hello snow. you may have sneaked up on me, but we can still be friends."
Hat - Cricut Wrap it Up cartridge
Practically all of our sellers take paypal as their main form of payment, which means you can shop safely.
Praise God because He is worthy to be praised!
Mon Père Noël secret de l'échange organisé par Chookyblue n'est autre que... Vicki !!!!!
Pets teach us invaluable life lessons, such as, how to be happy, how to treat others well, and how to enjoy every moment. Why would anyone not want to learn to live these lessons? So, don’t forget – hug that pet!
Brown: A color often found in nature, brown tends to evoke a stimulation in appetite. It is generally seen as a dull color, but represents earthiness and wholesomeness. Brown can convey warmth, dependability, friendliness, simplicity, steadfastness, and health. People who favor this color are often conscientious, quiet, shy, insecure, efficient, and sometimes people-oriented. They can also have tendencies towards stinginess, neurotic behaviors, and a fear of change or of not belonging.
Sun, 11:59pm: Immense loneliness.
Arrange spinach on salad plates and top with 4-5 scallops (remove toothpicks before serving), serve immediately.
At the beginning of this cheeser, a young child is interrupted by his overbearing mother while assembling this puzzle (or, in the Latin, Puzzelus Interuptus), sending him off on a murderous rampage in later years. A replica of this puzzle couldn't be too hard to create, and would make a great gift for the horror fan that has everything. But I'm torn. Should the missing pieces be included, or left out to stay true to the source?
I find myself
The rain eased as we got to the end of our line and we walked up to the guesthouse. We were warmly greeted by Alan and the rest of the staff and we soon settled into our old room. After unpacking all the necessary and doing some washing we were ready to pop round the corner to see our friends in the little indian restaurant.
10And it shall be, when the LORD thy God shall have brought thee into the land which he sware unto thy fathers, to Abraham, to Isaac, and to Jacob, to give thee great and goodly cities, which thou buildedst not,
6) What is your natural hair color? If you dye it something completely different from what your momma gave ya, how come?
1 tsp. ginger
Psychological Warfare Strategy development also counted on key universities dealing in Communication Sciences to develop the “mass communication” paradigm financed by the US Military, the CIA and the State Department. This led to effective propaganda used to penetrate the Iron Curtain through different means, including leaflets and broadcasting. The discipline’s field of study was wide: persuasion techniques, opinion polls, interviews, military and political mobilisations, ideological dissemination…
David Davis is reported to have approvingly repeated a description of the partnership between Cameron and Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg as “Brokeback Coalition”, which he attributed to another senior Tory.
In the Carribean and South America, successive waves of second sons of the Spanish and Portuguese dons (and other exiles) created vast sugar plantations, a slave-based extractive economy that would allow them to return home wealthy. Many never intended to stay.
I also cleaned out the top of my closet which was normally where I kept things for storage, so the majority of that went right into a box. This left a lot of room open for me to put large things I didn't know if I would be coming back for or not, and if not, it too would be put into a box for actual storage.
As you know, Erik and I are in the process of adopting from Uganda (this is where this, non fiction book takes place). We are very serious about wanting to head back to Uganda annually with our children, to keep them involved in their culture, and to continually love on the people of Uganda. This is a goal in our lives, and we are serious about making this happen (God willing).
I don't make Thanksgiving, Christmas or Easter treats ahead of time to post about because honestly I am just too distracted with life to get my act together on time. But hey, you never know, maybe next year.
Okay are you all fed up with the hypocrisy in politics? First you hear people like Rick Santorum say President Obama is trying to destroy America. When President Obama tries to encourage people to go to college, Mr. Santorum has the balls to say the President is a snob ( that’s like one 400 pound person saying you are out of shape). Why would someone think a person is a snob when they want others to better themselves? Could it be that Mr. Santorum will have to work harder because he will run into book smart people trying to take whatever job he has? The 1% hates to compete, look at the laws they have passed to make it harder to live the American dream.
Always go for a professional if you expect the best services.
Mother's Day also helped alleviate any lingering worries. My two made the best breakfast I've had in a long time. It was scarfed down and gone before I realized I should have taken a picture; the presentation was remarkable.
Directed by Dale Fabrigar & Everette Wallin
the impalpable ash
You're always striving for higher things – things on really high shelves, giraffes, goals, love etc? But you really must give your heart a rest!
Deconstructed…fallen to pieces …it’s not the outcome but the fact of what I’ve become.
- New ‘Now Playing’ full-screen view with high-definition cover art
Feels Good at First
Interesting times we live in... That’s all I can say!
Well this is a much more respectable time don't you think?
All week at the Doodlebug Blog, we are posting Mother's Day Cards and gifts. Using a Square Baroque Create A Card and some Hello Spring patterned paper, I created a card that contains a gift.
Each one is named with a variation of the word "kumari" (maiden or virgin princess) - "Shonakumari," "Ratnakumari," "Vidyakumari."
· If you are moving to Europe, don’t bring all your furniture from ZA, the houses are smaller and buying new furniture is cheaper than paying for shipping. Also in Ireland & the UK (not sure about other countries in Europe) rented houses are almost always fully furnished. All you need to get is some bedding and towels etc. (cheap enough). Have enough money for the first month’s rent and the deposit.
Josh Harris, Dug Down Deep pg. 214
I wonder if we have had so little interaction at the moment in order to maintain a sense of mystery. Particularly in relation to the Lord Ruler. I’m finding it difficult to believe that he’s immortal for example and can’t help wondering if he has some sort of secret device or other means or regenerating himself? I suppose the less we know the more our minds will run rampant looking for explanations. I like that about Sanderson’s way of storytelling. The other thing that I’m really enjoying about Sanderson’s storytelling is just that he has this brilliant way of making me feel as though I’m on the same wavelength as him (which I’m pretty sure I’m not), but, what I mean about that, is I read something and think (‘well, why/where/when,etc) and within a few pages or lines even he’s explaining away my query. It’s great – it’s as though he’s reading my mind and answering my thoughts as we go along (virtual reading!).
Well, today will be a little different. When Dail stopped by the store last night, I asked him to get only Nick's lunches. There is very little food in the house at all. I will be limited in what and how much I can eat today. I have no way to go out to get food. I know the cravings will start but there will be no way to give in to them. I have set myself up to have a good eating day no matter what else happens. I have eggs, Canadian Bacon, Cheese, diet bread, deli ham, soymilk, and protein powder. I can't do much damage with that. These are not foods that inspire cravings or overeating. The test will come tonight when Dail gets off and I tell him what to bring home for dinner. I'm hoping that by then the worst of the hunger pains will be gone or satisfied. I need to get used to eating less food again. That means eating smaller amounts of more filling foods like dense proteins. I'm going to start the day with a protein shake and go from there.
ME: INTERNET!!!
Unconditional love
Oh and another thing me fridge freezer has started to hum a different tune, it might be because it is feeling left out, the dryer got attention when that broke, the cooker got a check up and the washer has had some TLC, so I figure that the freezer is just making itself heard, well I have news for you Mr fridge freezer if you pack in I will never speak to you again OK, you got that, good, so stop this stupid loud humming this minute!
"Gary Davis was born in Laurens, South Carolina, and was the only one of eight children his mother bore who survived to adulthood. He became blind as an infant. Davis reported that his father was killed in Birmingham, Alabama, when Davis was ten, and Davis later said that he had been told that his father had been shot by the Birmingham High Sheriff. He recalled being poorly treated by his mother and that before his death his father had given him into the care of his paternal grandmother.
8. Relax your arms down to shoulder height, gently. They will be extended sideways, palms down. You will feel the movement of the tiny cords as they respond to your energy.
Not being able to carry a tune in a suitcase, I'm always impressed and happy in stores like this. Bright and shiny things everywhere - right up my ally.
The car.
For St. Francis de Sales, and for us, there is no separation of the call to holiness from the businessman, the housewife, the student, or the laborer. Virtue, prayer, and devotion are not solely the domain of the religious and ordained. We are called to elevate our work, our labors and our duties through true devotion to remove the painful realities of sin. He called the faithful to be acutely aware of their sins while courageously and consistently replacing them with grace and virtue. He encouraged slow, methodical purging of the effects of sin by first identifying them, then confessing them, and finally replacing them with holy devotion. First and foremost, we must examine our conscience:
Then came vampire themed canapés; black pudding on coffin shaped blinis, stakes through steak etc, and we all went home very happy, and much more enlightened about vampires in general. I'd like to thank Dr Sam George of the University of Hertfordshire for inviting me, and for organising the weekend.
But mode is also quite a slippery concept in that it relates to the ways in which we understand other ideas about how texts are produced and received, so we use the notion of the mode continuum to talk about different dimensions along which we can place texts. The clickable graphic of this can offer you a few pointers as to which dimensions are most relevant at this level. You might have used different terms for some of these (e.g. asynchronous for delayed, or synchronous for immediate) but it's all the same really.
Zelda II: The Adventitious of Link
I commit myself to prove to myself and others that human nature can be changed by changing myself into a being that is standing stable in every moment of breath and in all ways considers only what’s best for all life
It is not just for journalists and PR people – anyone is welcome to attend. After all, they let me in!
Pay attention to your plant's light requirements and plant accordingly. Full sun plants really do like the sun. Check throughout the day to see how much light your location gets. Planting a full sun flower in the shade won't thrive.
09. Pulse Of The Maggots
And trim the weeds
A couple of people heckled in disagreement that the project ever could fulfill the promises and when she read the Empire State Development Corporation’s boilerplate about transforming a “blighted area.” (“It was not blighted,” said one.) A rumble from the counter-protestors was clearly audible.
Yes, I'm tired. May the children of Israel's south have a quiet night, a safe night. May we all have a quiet night and may the Mary Shaws of the world understand the most fundamental of truths - that there is a world of difference in pinpoint strikes that target those who perpetrate violence and terror, and those who fire rockets at cities, civilians, schools...and a nation who has done more for peace than almost any other.
At-Large Bid: Big XII Conference
WOW - I can't believe that we are at week 150; I first joined in WOYWW back in January 2010 when there were just a handful of people. Not even major surgery kept me from posting back then - the very special Anne (A stitch in Time) helped me out back then and gave regular progress dates of my time in hospital (I was having a tumour removed from my chest cavity - next to my lung, so had major open chest surgery - where they cut me open between two of my ribs and clamped me open while they deflated my lung in order to get the tumour out)... Annie was truly a star - she will always have a piece of my heart for the love and support she showed me back then - and we hadn't 'known' each other long... Anyway, last year was a major hiccup for me so I missed quite a few months of joining in, because I found myself only being able to do one task at a time - and that seemed to be one or two things per week.
2.This summer I started using my camera more, taking photos and experimenting with angles. This has been great fun. I tried and tried to get a shot of a butterfly with open wings and it did not happen.
God gave me a voice. He’s given me melodies to sing, lyrics to inspire and a heart that is willing and ready to share with others. I can sing. I am a singer. I have a God-given gift of song. Writing music is a huge part of that gift, but singing it and connecting to it and to others through it and to God through it and connecting others to God through it, that’s my gift. I know now that God has given me this gift and he’s given me amazing opportunities to use it. I am going to believe in Him. Believe in His plan, and the hope and future He has for me and my family.
But this worker started to become more interested in organics when he saw that he did not have to put on as much protective clothing as the workers on the conventional farms, and he had seen many on the conventional farms get sick from the agricultural chemicals they were using. When speaking about organics, he kept using the word "limpio," which means “clean” in English.
Financiers are small French almond cakes traditionally baked in rectangular moulds, hence earning the honour of resembling a gold bar. As I do not have the rectangular moulds, I baked these in heart-shaped muffin cups. Hmm, does that make them a heart of gold instead? Hehe... :)
Everybody got your own
While looking for a cheap flight to LA, I came across a site that listed a RT flight from Boston to Lima for $420. The only thing going through my mind at that point was: The Inca Trail. I was ecstatic. I made a call and bought the ticket.
The Raspberry Tree, by Stoddard King
Beyond the coming darkness,
striving to discover an underlying ritual within the flux of quotidian urban life: “I want a holophrase” (defined by Parmar as “a primitive linguistic structure that expresses a complex concept in a single word or short phrase”, a description which tellingly resonates with Pound’s characterising of “ the image” as “that which presents an intellectual and emotional complex in an instant of time”) signals an attempt to encapsulate the teeming diversity of a single Paris day into a patterning of imagistic and linguistic flotsam inclusive enough to dismantle poetic hierarchies and find as much value in adverts, street-talk and signs as in the official high culture of the Louvre and the Arc de Triomphe.
NUCLEUS SOFTWARE EXPORTS LIMITED Outcome of Postal Ballot
Crystal and I went to meet Kelsey this afternoon for lunch because Crystal knew of this great chicken place that we wanted to try. After waiting for Kelsey (who was late because she either slept through her alarm or turned it off in her sleep), we wondered around until we found the place. And it was closed. Well, crap. At 11:15, you’d think they’d be open, but apparently not. We then we decided to try another chicken place Kelsey liked in the same general area, but alas, that also was closed. Korea has the strangest times. Certain things open until 5 a.m……but don’t open again until past 12. ??? That is ultimately beside the point though.
But, I also have lots of amazing recycled and upcycled grown up clothes for you to wear and proudly say, "My friend Amber made this for me!".
The date of Nietzsche’s birth coincided with the 49th birthday of the Prussian King, Friedrich Wilhelm IV, after whom Nietzsche was named. During the early stages of his life the land we know as ‘Germany’ was divided into smaller nation-states, of which the Kingdom of Prussia was a growing power. Nietzsche was in his mid-twenties to witness the victory of the 1870 ‘Franco-Prussian War’ (he served as a hospital attendant and participated in the siege of Metz, he witnessed the traumatic effects of battle, took close care of wounded soldiers, and contracted diphtheria and dysentery), and the subsequent unification of Germany in which King Wilhelm of Prussia became Emperor Wilhelm of the German Empire.
“It was interesting,” Georgia receiver Tavarres King said. “I was wondering why I wasn’t on SportsCenter.”
The body was kept at Victoria Hospital for postmortem, and police are waiting for his parents to fly down from Delhi. “They are expected anytime. The postmortem can be done only after that. We are waiting for the report from FSL about the car’s registration plate,” said the officer. Police are also checking images in the surveillance camera kept at the junction, for clues to the killer car. Amritanshu had started working at Electronics City just a few months ago, after being trained at the Infosys training centre in Mysore, police said.
So who is winning in this legal global technological Armageddon? Lets look at the scores so far.
To get a move, to Milan he’ll go
So that's one to check off my list! I'm already done cleaning and organizing my kitchen cabinets and I'd like to tackle more projects, but right now I'm taking it slow. My most important project right now is to look after myself and to make sure the master bedroom and bath is clean and tidy for my recovery period after my surgery which is coming up in 10 days. I say bring it! Cut the bad stuff out and let me move on with my life (and my spring cleaning!).
Oscar-winning director Sam Mendes admitted his concern at the media launch of the 23rd Bond movie, "Skyfall."
This is something we can fight. This doesn't have to be the truth. The amazing, blessed thing about statistics is that they change with the mindset of their targets. We can still be that sisterhood. I don't think it's impossible; I don't even think it's hard. All it takes are baby steps: instead of posting a picture to 4chan, give it a sentence-worth of constructive criticism instead. Don't respond to getoffegl posts. Don't be that girl at meet-ups who's whispering behind her hand; engage your fellow lolitas. Get to know them. You might be surprised to find yourself actually caring. With International Lolita Day just passed, I think this is the perfect time to open up to your fellow lolitas. This isn't a solo fight, but I think we can do it. Be strong, fight the fear, and kill this hatred once and for all.
Meanwhile, I've just been invited to an international
Then in the seventh grade came even worse bullying, the bullying of the queen bee female kind. The whispers, the looks, and finally, getting tripped down the stairwell between classes.
“A Humble Man of A Passing Night” – A Poem on Indifference
It was contrary to human reason to believe Paul. How could he know such a thing? Who ever heard of a god who could lay out the future? All the gods they knew were only a pretence. But this Jew spoke of a total deliverance if they would but believe. How did he know the island was there? It was a divine revelation just as the gospel committed to him was a divine revelation.
Sunday - Leftovers/FFY
We've been battling diaper rash, and eczema. It's awful. :( Your poor skin is so dry and itchy and you have scratches all over. We're switching to Dove sensitive soap, Eucerin lotion and Free & Clear detergent. I hope it helps my sweet boy, I hate seeing you suffer.
how much money was in my bank account
How;d it be to live up high
Next time she called, there was the usual, “Dat Joe”?
Breakfast was a slice of bread my neighbor gave me (yes one slice, to display his bread making might) with peanut butter. Lunch was hazelnuts and dried cranberries because I’ve run out of foods that I can take for lunch. Dinner, I was saved by going to my friend’s and eating Chinese food.
"THIS IS A CRISIS!!!" I shout and order him into the shower with our son, who is still screaming. Poor Ike, I poured a cup of water in his mouth, he sputtered, screamed, I poured another. And another. I am sure he thought he was the victim of what Congress has deemed not to be torture. But, what else was I supposed to do? How else does one remove poop from a one year old's mouth??
Welcome my friends to the April 2012 edition of Now Playing.
2 sight
Saturday morning, we went down to the Jockey Club, signed in and were met by our sales rep. She was a handful and incredibly irritating. She found out Ryan worked for Wells Fargo and asked him a bunch of times why she was told she qualified for a credit card and then when she went to sign the paperwork, she was told she no longer qualified. All day, non stop. When we would ask her a question, she would tell us how it is at the company where she owns her timeshare but wasn't sure how it was with the company we were looking at buying from. After being asked a series of questions about our vacation "habits," touring the facility, and looking at tons of pictures, we watched a short movie showing people having fun on vacation.
Brinkman Grills Reviews (brinkmangrillsreviews.wordpress.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC and Amazon EU Associates Programmes designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com, amazon.ca, amazon.co.uk, amazon.de, amazon.fr, amazon.it and amazon.es. Certain content that appears on this website comes from Amazon Services LLC and/or Amazon EU. This content is provided “as is” and is subject to change or removal at any time.
I was going to do some animations based on a body shape I created for a project, but the Mesh Viewer won’t render me, so I can’t get a snap of the proportions. I was going to test the ONE rigged avatar (that someone else made as a test) and the NotSoBigAVs crusher… but I don’t have it on beta. So I changed my SL password to force a beta grid inventory update… which hasn’t happened yet.
December 22, 2011 ~ Social worker came for her first of four homestudy visits.
Will shortly go and sit in front of the woodburner with a glass of wine and my knitting - I am currently knitting a dishcloth, very relaxing I find as I can switch off my whirring thoughts because I have to count what I am doing. A bit like counting sheeep, but more productive!
LAREDO
Lastly came the Burton Baton, a beer I had yet to try. This beer is a blend of the 90 Minute with an oak-aged English strong ale, and while it didn't seem incredibly standout, there was enough of a unique quality to it that I bought a four-pack in order to sit down with a bottle in the near future. I'm wondering if the plethora of flavors on my tongue got in the way of tasting this one at the end of the line.
Master of Shadows is due out August 2, 2011 by Angela Knight. Tristan, a knight of the round table and the stunning witch La Belle Coeur work hard to prevent a war of races. Tristan has been spurned by love before so we’ll see how this works out for him.
Great for baby showers, holiday gifts, photo opportunities, and everyday use!
Work was hard. Super stressful. And, not worth the money. I was so tired and frustrated and all I could feel, at the end of the day, was the little fuzzy strands rubbing the back of my collar. My skin was crawling.
Whilst I was waiting for ECG and bloods the receptionist came to find me to check whether I am attending both of the hospital appointments I'm scheduled for on thursday afternoon. After confirming that yes I am, yes they are both at different hospitals and yes I had tried to change the date we got to the point which was how to transport my notes between the two sites when the appointments are only 2 hours apart. I suggested that perhaps I could take the notes with me when being driven from the first to second appointment but that is not allowed as I am a patient. I might after all eat my notes for something to do in the car. Or read them. The possibilities of what I could do with a pile of notes entirely about myself, weighing almost as much as myself are frankly endless. So instead a nice man with a van will have to drive from one hospital to the other to collect the notes and we'll all hope they turn up at either or both consultants appointments...cos to be fair to the doctors, running a consultation without any notes is a bit tricky. Not to mention potentially wasteful of money or any such practical considerations.
Besides cooking, one of my other favorite hobbies is reading. In the past few years, I have only been reading about two to three books per year. That's much less than I like to read! One of my goals is to read more in 2011. There are several new books that I want to read, which I will post later. I don't know that I will have time to read as much as I used to, but I want to devote more time to reading than I did in 2010.
I sponged around the edges with a darker pink ink then used the large white flower shaping tool, from the Flower Tool Kit, to shape each petal. Two of the petals were glued together as shown above. The picture shows the difference in just punched petals and those that you shape.
The final game was against a mates Legion force, now going into this game I had some reservations as I have played his legion force on many different occasions and each time I have had my army handed to me on a plate after it had been destroyed. This game was no different the fury management ability of legion is insane there was fury appearing everywhere.
The German author criticizes a “hypocrisy on behalf of the government” in Germany at the Leipzig Book Fair. He advises “bombing Auschwitz out of existence, because the former concentration camp has degenerated into the “worthless” destination of excursions.
(Numbers one and two were far and away the things I was MOST grateful for, and, of course, number 7)
Diane, “I think ‘T’ insinuating that is your reason for wondering if you should or ‘want’ to continue therapy frankly is self-interest…to me if I was ‘T’ I would think that if you were having such thoughts then I would say that you should do what you think is right for you to do. Why complicate something that seems straightforward?”
Awaiting the result..........
I’m headed outside tomorrow for my nine-miler, even if it’s snowing.
The greatest lesson I have learned is that I LOVE being a Vegan. When I started my blog a year ago, I wrote that I loved being a Vegan then. If it’s possible, I love it even more today. I feel so much pride in being a Vegan. Almost a year ago, I wrote, “So many people I know are afraid to tell their families and friends they are Vegan (or vegetarian) for fear of being rejected or laughed at or criticized. They hide their Veganism, which, to me, is sad and makes no sense. Why should anyone hide their compassion while the majority of the world engages in cruelty right out in the open? I am proud of being Vegan. I wear t-shirts and buttons that proclaim my Veganism. My office has posters, signs, and pamphlets about choosing compassion. While I do not try to impose my beliefs on others, I silently pray someone will ask me why I am not eating meat so I can proudly state, “I AM A VEGAN.” They might reply with “you’re a what?” and that just gives me an opportunity to teach someone the “V” word that I learned not even two years ago.” (The "V" Word, August 20, 2009)
Something like that pic from 'Wanted'.
The funny thing is, she went half-way across the world to study the issues that beset her birth country. See a description of her research on her blog Moving Malaysians.
I’ll see your Great Gray Owl and raise you a Barred Owl from HELL.
Movie- Radio
but, at some point the top got broken
- Deal of the century
Canon had the biggest promotion that I saw. They had five “pretties” on a balcony on their stand conducting a raffle. The booth was packed.
After our two years in Scotland, when Wifesy and I returned home – I remembered the people who had kept in touch. I remembered them like a Vietnam veteran remembers the guys who were in the actual foxhole with him. There were only a handful. There was definitely Miranda. Miranda was my second Gayle – equally as funny, equally as intuitive, and bonus we fell in love with people in foreign lands at just about the same time. She met her Dutch husband right around the time I met Wifesy. So, we commiserated over long distance relationships and love and the differences between Europe and America. The biggest and best thing about Miranda – she does the work that friendship takes. She calls to check in, whether I’m in Scotland or Socal or New York. I am eternally grateful for this and I probably don’t tell her enough.
His journey started from Long Island, New York and followed the outer boundary of America from Maine to the Pacific Northwest, down to California, across to Texas and then back to New York. His idea was to see his country with his own eyes about which he had written so much and he wanted to do it alone but still took Charley along with him for some company. He has written about the places he visited and people he met during this time. He was trying to understand the people of his country but in the end he felt that they did not live upto his expectations. The book ends in an irony where after travelling for the length and breadth of country he gets lost in traffic of New York at his return.
This much we know, the main nucleus of Scientists of Sound consisted of Bam a.k.a. Bob Eskimo, Aqil a.k.a. J-Blast a.k.a. Rylo Steelo, Cherok a.k.a. Doc Holiday and Aybee a.k.a. Strontium God. They worked with producer Skeff Anslem (“he gets props too”), everyone's favourite UK DJ Shorty Blitz, TY, Fallacy and the lovely Mis-Teeq to name but a few, all the while existing in the post Music of Life/Kold Sweat UK Independent Label wasteland. Scientists of Sound a.k.a. SCI-4 became known for their unique style, by mixing Science Fiction References, Official Boom-Bap and the teachings of Dr Malachi Z York's Ansaarullah Muslim Community. Thinking about it now, their sound was probably too forward thinking and original, for the weeded out early 90's Timbo Era Chorus Rap. But hailing from Willesden North London, they represented a generation of UK Hip-Hoppers that took the attributes of the Diaspora to new heights, and expressed themselves in new forms that represented
love creates fights
2. Ham and egg breakfast sandwiches. High protein, filling me up, comforting and healthy enough to feel good. They’re right next door, fast and on whole grain wheat makes ‘em hard to beat on a running late day.
I want a president who prays to the One True God. Who reads the Holy Bible, believing it’s the the only inspired word of God and not unholy books like the Book of Mormon. A man whose prayers I know God hears. A man of God who hears from God. (John 10:27) Not a man who believes he may one day be a god himself.
And o’er the limpid wave doth slide;
The huge collection, topped up by the auction of a “Griffin 10” T-shirt and other sought-after items, will enable South Birmingham BNP to fight three parliamentary seats in its region. The large amount of cash raised means that the other parties will now see a determined BNP challenge.
16. Instead of using a Home Economics, Shop, or PE book, use REAL activities to fulfill those credit requirements. Assign chores, share your knowlege on how to cook and clean, build birdhouses, and ride bikes or go on hikes together. This is so much more valuable (and cheaper) than buying textbooks or paying for classes. You can't beat a REAL education. In college, you could always tell which professors had actually gone out there and done what they taught from those who went straight from being a student to being a teacher. Experience can't be beat.
Mama opines: This is a sweet story of a mother helping her children to learn something new in their own time. She does not demand that they start swimming; she simply shows them the way until she is sure that they are ready. This would be a great book to read if you have a little one who is unsure about swimming or is starting any new adventure.
So to recap, hone in on the architecture and the complimentary landscape style. And "see" your chosen plants in a form that fits in with your scheme. Did this help you? Do you feel better informed when visiting the garden center? Any questions? Yes I used to teach landscape design and am used to asking at the end, "any questions?" But I am serious, ask away!
That’s both good and bad news for independent and self-publishers in the Netherlands. The secret is how the publishing and retail environments will be best harnessed and developed.
Once Tom had hung up the phone he promptly picked up the lab report, tore it to shreds, and dumped it into the wastepaper basket. He powered down his computer before leaving his dormroom.
Chapter 7 of Daniel occurs in Belshazzar’s first year of reign about 550 B.C.
DW: Oh, wow.
(2) In wording of past tense as it had happened, and was confirmed and it remained as it was.
06 Get’em Out By Friday (Top Gear, 25 September 1972)
Hello, I'm back today with this weeks card for a new challenge over at the CES Challenge Blog. This week Sue has chosen the theme "Humour/Funny". If I'm honest it got me stumped. Something I don't make many of, but remembered that I had some stamps from years ago (unused of course) that were humerous and I even remembered the colour box they were in.
challenge his months challenge is sponsored by Pamela is giving two cds for the prize which is great thank you the cds are A Touch of Steampunk and A touch of Jazz
another thing to add to my to do for the weekend.
The other students watched the exchange. Being thoroughly confused I didn't know which way to turn. Maybe Emily had bumped her head out at recess? I asked her to come up to see me, hoping to clear up my confusion.
Lucy, through snow, said. “Someone’s coming home, not me.”
If as a contractor you do all the things listed above are you automatically a Professional? No. But it can change the way you are perceived. Ultimately, perception is reality. Little changes in how you present yourself can make all the difference when it comes to helping you with a homeowner.
In 1940, Lamarr met the American avant-garde composer George Antheil of “ballet mécanique” fame. She described her idea to him, and asked him to help her construct a device that would enable this signal to be synchronized. Antheil laid out a system based on 88 frequencies, corresponding to the number of keys on a piano, using perforated paper rolls which would turn in sync with one another, transmitting and receiving ever-changing frequencies, preventing interceptance and jamming.
This last comment stuck with me and was followed up by a tweet from BBC Sports journalist and commentator Liam McCleod announcing that a BBC social media policy forbade staff from responding to individuals and RTs.
4 tbsp Dijon mustard
In fact, I will go so far as to say, if you are only going to write a few articles and then quit, you might as well not write or submit any articles. Article marketing is extremely powerful, but it is most powerful when there is a cumulative effect, and that cumulative effect takes time and multiple articles and submissions.
Has the person giving the worksop actually started a line and sold ... In your sector
Then I was afraid because you needed an “invite” to even join the site, and thinking back to my high school days when I’d wear a denim buttoned shirt on top of denim relaxed-fit jeans…well I didn’t think I’d make the cut.
Unfortunately, even though the above outfit looks like it is an awesome match…it really doesn’t match at all. Sad right? I mean, it could match I suppose if I just ACTED like it did. But really, it doesn’t. I promise. So…I’m still looking for a shirt to match that running skirt…
Bonus Material
And the tag line?
And some more home decorating.
As a new Comfort Furnace owner I have recently become interested in the technology behind the product. I wanted to know what makes these heaters safer, more efficient, and more cost-effective than other styles of heaters on the market.
His current bluster, vagueness and lack of precision make him look like a man with something to hide - a case of 'argument weak, shout louder'.
The next day as they were leaving Bethany, Jesus was hungry. 13Seeing in the distance a fig tree in leaf, he went to find out if it had any fruit. When he reached it, he found nothing but leaves, because it was not the season for figs. 14Then he said to the tree, “May no one ever eat fruit from you again.” And his disciples heard him say it. **
After perusing the menu on the wall and trying to make a decision on which sauces to try, when our turn came at the window, we decided on a combo order of “Party Wings”, Seasoned and another combo order of “Whole Wings”, with Honey Gold sauce. Both came with fries, appropriate veggies, Ranch dressing and rolls. Fortunately, after placing our order, a booth opened up and we were able to secure an adequate feeding spot. First up, the Honey Gold wings:
I binged last night because I got in a screaming match with my dad and made him cry. I just didn’t know what to do, so I binged. bulimic/no control/fat/insecure.
missing Mandy,
I tried, unsuccessfully, to steady my voice. “Just once,” I said. “School dance.”
I've been loving Knit Picks' line of cotton yarn, called Dishie to make the elephant dolls. The yarn is durable and softens out with a little love to the most wonderful texture. It's perfect for kids who want to tote their new best pal everywhere!
Slipping through my endless song
You have your FREE-WILL movements, RE-direct those and TAKE AWAY from the draining energy flow of AGAINST the salts or ways of another. Let them be! Take your beautious Life Force Energy in your movement and HELP and form together those that are upon your same stage of growth….or the very “cause” of what you move for or towards. Via may it be homelessness/hungar/unemployments….etc…we know the list here Chelas dont we? What I AM suggesting to you is to CHANGE your “thought/vibrational feelings and directional flows of that pure energy and apply it DIRECTLY to your “CAUSE” thru by doing of such you will more of an immediate see the “EFFECT” of that energy exchange within this group of cycled energies.
“Not at all, Mistress”, said Joseph.
or as I've always called it 'too damn good syndrome'. You know, that feeling that everything in your life is going so well, that any moment now it's bound to crash down around you? Sometimes -- okay always -- it's some irrational fear that something awful has happened any time someone you love is late getting home, or just an overall panic that somewhere, something is going wrong in a way that will cascade into your life?
The Electronic Anthology Project of Dinosaur Jr. is out on Record Store Day (4/21).
Your old pal Sausage Fingers was just 'busted' while gauging the sweater puppets
Today, I was accosted with the worst pick up line EVER. While I was smoking outside, this fellow came up to me and said, "I've only ever seen you with a girl. Are you a lesbian?"
My beloved cousin Kerri was the maid of honor in her friend's wedding, and asked me if I would stitch something for her to give as a gift. After a few emails back and forth about what her friend might like, I sent her a few suggestions and this was the one she picked. She liked how it tied into the wedding colors of pink and green and thought it would look beautiful in her friend's house.
Deadline for entries: June 14, 2012
Might get offered a bad contract. (Don’t be afraid to renegotiate!!! If there is a profit to be made most small publishers are amendable.)
Shaumark & Robinson - Peace And Love
MTF
John: "Yes."
Margaret Fleming, the JLL director of investment at JLL says that the Q1, 2011 figures do not include the effect of the proposed abolition of Upward Only Rent Reviews (UORRs) which, she claims, would lead to a “20 to 30 per cent” further decline in capital values. This is the first time I have seen an estimate over 20% to reflect the proposed changes to UORRs. The then-Society of Chartered Surveyors inIreland indicated that the estimated decline would be 20% for its portfolio that it assesses with IPD to produce its commercial prices index which rivals JLL’s.
Interesting Discovery
01. Allegro
It drags you until you can crawl back to your sofa, the composition, set-up and ambiance has so much inclination with European film making, taking each scene to have a dilemma, conversive acting that provides more intently to be submersed in drama and real life! It makes you feel you belong with them and the realization that gives a bittersweet aftertaste of who we are and what we have become as human beings such it is frustratingly coherent in this mundane society we live in!
The base is made of pink bazzill in a long card (my friend wanted lots of room to write) and layered with white and some MME Quite Contrary DP. Across this is some Old Olive punched with Fiskars Upper Crest border punch, layered with white and more MME DP. Over this I've added some white satin ribbon. I've stamped Marci in Memento Tuxedo Black onto X-press It Blending Card and coloured with Copics (E000, E01, E11, RV10, RV21, RV13, G20, G21, V12, V15, E50, E51, E53, YR21). I've cut her out with scissors and popped her up on foam tape over a layer of Old Olive cut with Beaded Ovals Nestabilites and white cut with Large Oval Nestabilities. Next I've added some corner decorations and a rhinestone, the sentiment stamped and cut into a notched tag and secured to the ribbon with a bow.
In a somewhat emotional interview, Sol Campbell waved his goodbyes to the beautiful game and has expressed that it’s a very difficult decision he has made because he had at the top level for a long time, put in a lot of work and it’s taken a lot of dedication.
These ideas became basic to the PCI - for Gramsci and Togliatti were exact peers - which is why it built itself not as a vanguard party but as a mass party with millions of members, why it spawned endless alliances and front organizations, and why it sought a "historic compromise" with the Christian Democrats, hoping to spread a vague progressivism across the whole of that alliance. By 1976 the PCI was winning a whole one-third of the vote and these objectives did not seem so far away.
you want me to touch your ripples
Waist - 12" to 25.5"
~Dr. Seuss
When an adopted teen wrestles with the who or why of their adoption, adolescence can turn into an emotionally super-charged time of life. Even though their struggles surround issues unique to their adoption, the right approach by the adoptive parents can make all the difference. They can help the child deal with his questions appropriately, or send him off the deep end of frustration.
“The lack of controls in such a large GLC is nothing less than shocking,” the report stated.
Aww.
The CCTV cameras that captured the entire assault are situated in Johan van Dalen’s yard. Van Dalen says, "We do not want to go to the police station and show them the footage because we are scared they will lock us up to cover this up." The NEWS contacted the spokesman of the Krugersdorp Police, Captain Jacob Raboroko for comment who said that he would send through comment as soon as possible.
My tip is to first start by making a “frame and name“. Just draw a frame around the page freehand and write your name, date and title at the bottom.
But, there is a part of me that laments never having had this kind of connection with a Black American man (my "brothas"). (Probably the same little jerk that tells me I'm weird.)
Typos: To catch typos and omissions, I use a clean font, anything other than Times Roman. It tricks my brain into reading each word individually instead of scanning for what I think is there.
Shout: I don't need you.
As we enter the club we see the lights dancing all around us, the sound waves hit us so hard that our whole bodies instantly start vibrating to the music rhythm.
Squeaky shoes make great gifts. If you’re shopping for a birthday present or even Christmas gifts, parents will appreciate hearing their little one walk. And if the toddler is wearing them while taking his or her first steps—well that’s just extra special!
I know the young man that loves her. He is my nephew.
to see that poor little pretender, Tom Titmouse,
What is so wonderful is that I know most of you are NOT Bystanders. That is why I thank you; for sharing our story, for praying for us, and for helping. For praying about children who are orphans and without families and care. For contributing to our causes, and encouraging others to as well. For thinking of us, for our little boy, and for the millions of little boys who need families.
So, my main goals for the next 3 months are as follows:
By Rick Snizek & Brian J. Lowney
Recept: (Sigh) Yes, he is.
It’s a must try venue.
Asafoetida -1 pinch
Fabric Bookmarkers: 1
Funfetti cake from the Spork Fed Cookbook
The above photo was taken at the cutest-ever-1923 vintage-storybook-cottage-in South Pasadena anyone has ever seen-open-house! One thing though, I should have plucked an obligatory cupcake from the front because no one wanted to be the first. When I left the open house hours later I saw people eating cupcakes but the front still looked untouched. People were reaching around the back to take them off. So funny. :)
Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I’m GONE!
Then if you too die young
JYJ’s Kim Junsu has unveiled the teaser poster for his album as well as the album’s name.
I have in my heart, the times you spent the night at my home.
The Love Nest! :)
Though the label categorizes this beer as an ESB, it smells like a barleywine, with that strong aroma of alcohol, as well as lots of dark berry and raisin. It has that "leathery" quality that so many darker beers give out. In a blind sniff-test, I wouldn't have pegged this as an Extra Special Bitter.
Heart Like a Wheel
The image is coloured with Distress Inks.. I had to make a mix of colours to make the perfect colour for the dress.. I think I did it pretty well.. :)
Google +: I do very little over there as it has nothing new to offer.
Miracle Tape
Stars and strips below is really beautiful and the blue star with red stars surrounding is gorgeous. I want the blue star for the back corner, will have to do some piecing here. Kacy, are you seeing this one???
Just to keep the humor I’ll start with the obvious ways to prevent rejection :
There are a lot of things that did not go right in the NHA and one of those things had to do with accountability…The HDC is not going to function like that. We are required by law to have the accounts ready in a certain period of time. The CEO will be held accountable and the Cabinet will hold the minister accountable and the Parliament will hold the Cabinet accountable. That is what the HDC means.
few days ago, while cleaning the bathroom, i bumped into the door, clumsily. we are going through some rough roads. the idealistic part of me thinks that this is just a phase that we would get through. but in reality, we are through.
Then Lumpy got in on the action, grabbed a handful, and shoved it straight in his mouth.
where's your favorite place to go?
I've heard people talk about the whole "Right brain VS. Left brain" theory and decided to take the test to see which one I was. Not surprisingly I am more "right brained" than "left brained." According to the online test this means, "The right side of your brain controls the left side of your body. In addition to being known as right-brained, you are also known as a creative thinker who uses feeling and intuition to gather information. You retain this information through the use of images and patterns. You are able to visualize the "whole" picture first, and then work backwards to put the pieces together to create the "whole" picture. Your thought process can appear quite illogical and meandering. The problem-solving techniques that you use involve free association, which is often very innovative and creative. The routes taken to arrive at your conclusions are completely opposite to what a left-brained person would be accustomed. You probably find it easy to express yourself using art, dance, or music. Some occupations usually held by a right-brained person are forest ranger, athlete, beautician, actor/actress, craftsman, and artist. "
Anyhow, I'm trying to read twice as many books from my own shelves as I read from the library, so there's only one adult book from the library this week (I'm not counting children's books in this reading challenge). Since this book by S. J. Watson wasn't originally on my list for the 2012 Spring Reading Thing, that means I'll have to read a couple of extra books to "make up" for checking out this one. But it was worth it. As you can see, I've already finished the book and rated it 9 of 10 because it's an excellent book.
Denial is a wonderful thing, isn't it?
Those days are gone
"Wind On Wind" is an excerpt from " Discreet Music", released on Obscure Records No. 3
Homeschool Basketball Championship is being held,
I have grown quite addicted to The Hairy Bikers' latest series Best of British, and have got quite emotional at their Galahad-like quest for True British Food. I feel moved to launch a crusade of my own on this side of the Channel, to defend our admittedly once appalling cooking against the slings and arrows of outrageous Frenchmen. I daren't mention Joan of Arc, as they might accuse us of doing to her what we used to do to our meat. I don't think they'd have minded so much if we'd just seared her quickly on both sides rather than burning her to a crisp.
green and sprawling before his house.
The demographic time-bomb is a challenge but it does not lead me to despair.
Again, nine months later Summer gave birth to another set of twins, Austin Lee and Houston Tee. All seven of the children looked alike, but how could they not? They were sister and brothers, half sisters and half brothers, first cousins, second cousins and third cousins. It wasn’t incest. It was just weird. Travis and Summer stayed together for three years, and Summer got pregnant two more times and gave birth to Connie Ann and Dalen Joseph. “That’s it!” Summer cried after she gave birth to Dalen. “Travis don’t you ever touch me again.” “Women, I want a house full of kids, and you’re my wife. It’s your duty to have babies. That is why God put you on the earth, You have to have my children.” Travis replied. “Someone has been shuckin’ your corn Travis, I’ll have it sewed up before I have anymore kids.” Summer screamed. “Y’all gonna do something. I’m plumb tuckered out! Nine kids is enough!” Travis wasn’t happy with this revelation and demanded sexual relations with his wife every night and Summer kept refusing. After two years of the constant begging for sex, Summer gave into Travis’ demands, and again, she became pregnant. This is when Connie Ellen was born.
Brand: Jabra
And bitter storme; which neither sea, nor land,
I’ve always believed that leadership is not limited to one’s title. In fact, when I started Big Cheese Coaching in 2003, I chose the name “Big Cheese” to reflect my belief that we can all be ‘Big Cheeses” regardless of our positions if we access and develop our potential and hone our authentic leadership.
by Chris Ware, 2007-2008
I went with my mom to a party... I always have a great time with her!!!!
Stretch the dough into a large rectangle and run the rolling pin over to even out the thicker parts. Leaving a small boarder along all sides, spread on the filling and drizzle over the oil, butter, and bacon fat. Sprinkle on some mozzarella cheese.
I sent the vlog to Lori and asked if I might post my reading of Dream Five here and she said yes. First I will post the written version below.
Won't Get Fooled Again
In a separate bowl, beat the sour cream with the eggs and vanilla essence. Add to the saucepan and mix in.
I've decided to move onto the Kid's section next. I already have a section for the kid's in my current HMB, but it's need some changes and some updates. To figure out what needs to be in this section, I thought about all the information I need to have for each of our boys. Currently, they each have their own subsection, and I'm thinking that keeping it this way will work best. Our Teen's section currently holds all of his school stuff, the student handbook, a list of his classes and teachers, important school dates, and things like that. Liam's is full with kindergarten prep stuff. A few weeks ago I shared the School Info sheets with you (you can find them here) so I have that taken care of. Next was just figuring what other information needed to be in these areas.
Aguero hacked a volley wide from close range and Pablo Zabaleta failed to get good contact on a left-footed effort from a similar distance. The United resistance was stern and it seemed City had fallen into a lull, despite their monopoly on possession, as the fourth official indicated the amount of first half added time to be played.
How can you prevent RSI?
Why were my sales so low at this fair?
You’re still around to write this letter to me
G (note V) = G - B - D (1st + 3rd + 5th note of the G scale)
you’ve become His voice.
Link up anything you have made or your own tutorials. This includes ALL KINDS of crafts (even foods), so please jump in and share with us!!
This is a bracelet, choker, or bookmark, generally. But I think it can be anything, really.
I had Planned on visiting with her next week, over on the Penninsula, but the radiation is going to make her
- cancerkillingrecipe@wordpress.com
The campaign strengthens, and is strengthened by, the non-government organisations that have been laying the groundwork for years. It also energises people on both sides of the border to work for the peace agenda. Other media does cover these efforts, but the Aman ki Asha campaign caught the public imagination as never before, giving both governments the confidence to move towards improving relations. And it has provided the business community with a much-needed platform.
Next week Lynn will provide the questions. It is raining today in London so I’m think this will be a great day to snuggle on the couch and read part four.
I am challenging myself to find places to visit where I don't need a car. I want to intentionally find places to walk and ride a bike. When I owned my home, I would often walk to the grocery store, bank, library or post office. I am trying to fit that into my lifestyle now. Several years ago I did research on "walkable" communities. Now, I just have to find "walkable" communities that have nice RV parks.
I came up with some strawberries and a couple of eggs that I could use. The pantry had the rest of the stock for a cake. Hmm, I could bake a strawberry cake too, I thought and decided to try it.
The problem with it in this situation is that it implies choice. The alternative to "not doing that" in the case of cancer was to roll up in a ball and wait to die. Not exactly the plan I was working from .
Now it was this last point upon which my parents disagreed. My mother had always talked a feminist line but it was a line I considered harsh, unyielding and singularly implicated in some of the more negative perceptions society had about feminism. And she did NOT want me going to this rally because she worried about "how it would look" and worried that I could be seen as a "communist", even though she herself supported the ERA.
high above
Your ability to build deep, long-lasting relationships is the key ingredient to success in your business.
The papal visit has caused me to reflect on Catholics and the fate of Catholics in my period of special study – seventeenth century England. The story begins with the most infamous terrorist conspiracy in English history and ends with the deposition of king: it begins with the Gunpowder Plot and ends with the so-called Glorious Revolution.
Dan got things packed up to head to the hospital in between timing and helping me with contractions. By 3am or so we were packed for the hospital and we both camped out in the living room – Dan helping me breathe through the contractions and then both of us resting between them. By 5am or so contractions seemed to be coming more and more frequently, so we decided to call our parents to let them know the news. Then we called our friend Sheryl, who headed over to our place to be with Lynn while Dan went and picked up their family’s van to head to the hospital.
I was aspiring with high hopes,I became a hopeless individual grateful for making it through the day.
Here's a non caloric treat for you:
There was a mouse plague on our base in Afghanistan. They scuttled under the shipping containers where we lived and worked. They nibbled the best bits of our food packages from home, they ran across our bunks while we slept, and they carried rabies. Scary, foaming rabies.
I'm sure you have some questions.
What happened? What happened to all the plans we had? All the nights we spent laying under the stars sharing our dreams. The kind of house we’d live in, how many kids we’d have. What their names would be. What happened to us?
The instructor I was with enlightened me that we don’t practice our stances because of their direct practicality because they are not really practical in any real life situations; we practice stances because mastering movements in stances will make natural footwork movement that much easier. One would never fight in a front stance because its length slows down one’s ability to kick and move. Similarly, walking stance is so small that hip motion and balance when being pushed become more challenging. However, if one can get really good at moving through long, awkward stances and tiny, little stances, then something like moving with a natural fighting stance will be a piece of cake.
A few months ago the Minister of citizens” Protection” wanted to build a fence on the border between Greece and Turkey. Today the Minister talks about 30 camps for immigrants with fence around them and without allowing (to the immigrants) going out of them. A party leader talks about mines on the Greek borders. That means Greeks against immigrants…
She turned her heart-shaped face towards him. She was naked of course, facing away from him at first. He paused his reading to admire her more attentively as she eased the shining parts of her soft female machine into a semi-profile. He could see the smooth hillock's outline where her thigh merged with her hip; he could follow the reptilian arc of her spine from its lower dimples to a small inverted triangle of fine hair at the nape of her slender neck where she had tied up the black tresses to keep them from getting too wet and pinned them secure with a white butterfly clip; he could, and did, admire the outline at the soft fall of her small, perfect breast.
Tracy and Theresa stopping by unexpectedly, then joining them for a walk.
Tanda Zap invites consumers to “Zap Bullying” and pledge support to this social campaign by visiting its Facebook page, www.Facebook.com/Tanda. ”Like” Tanda and then “Vote” to Zap Bullying. Tanda will donate $1 for each Vote to the STOMP Out Bullying™ organization.
Addy definitely wants to sock it to All American Insurance Company where it hurts the most – their pocket. God knows they have cheated so many of her worthy clients over the years. Plus, teaching All American’s defense counsel a lesson or two would be an added bonus. He has pulled off too many undeserved victories in the courtroom – not to mention the bedroom. A big win for Addy would definitely put a stop to counsel’s soapbox about how jury trials are popularity contests, how Addy is naïve and how her clients are liars.
It's a must-have stamp set! There's a pine tree, a tree trunk with branch that can hold a little birdhouse, a bird, verses, and of course the door. It such a beautiful stamp set to work with, my card came together quite quickly.
We, meaning me, have decided that we, meaning me, are going to potty train WilliePMir. Let me tell you that this is, NOT AT ALL, fun! On top of that, EAM is teething. Poor little guy, you can see the tooth under the gums.
Thank you to all who bid for these items, and particularly to those who ended up buying: Cris, Andrew, Stephen, Susanna, Eduardo, Kylie, Nicole, Anna, Karlis, Terri, Annie & Barbara.
heaving him from where he fell
All in all I give them 3 stars out of 5.
The most important exercise for a brand is to determine whether the dominant brand values are masculine or feminine. This determines the choice of colours or the colour palette for the brand. The colour wheel is divided into the cool/ masculine side and the warm/ feminine side.
Features and facilities:
This is the reason I have stopped telling single people to hope and believe and all those sunny things we like to say to them. I’m starting to realise that the more you say those things, the less you really hear what they are saying. Single people could be single for a number of reasons and we can never begin to understand them if we have someone to go home to. I realise that when your single friend talks about their life, they’re not looking for your reassurance. What they really want is your validation. Just to assure them that you’re hearing what they’re saying. Let them know that you don’t understand but you hear them. That’s all I’d really want if I was single. Well, that and for people to stop looking at me as if I were dying from an incurable disease.
If there is anything I wish I could change about the book it would be that Moskowitz had filled in the world that she had created a little more. I would have loved to learn more about the different creatures that lived in it. However, this is only a minuscule want on my part and I really don't feel that it takes anything away from the story itself.
So what did we create?? Bethany just happened to be heading for her VIP tour to Ben and Jerry's (so jealous) so she chose to make business cards using all our great ice cream photos to hand out to whomever she met from the scoop shop employee to the new Ben and Jerry CEO (yes she had lunch with him. And yes, I am very jealous once again…seriously an amazing experience). I digress and back onto MOO. Me, I am putting together an Ice Cream themed basket for my daughter's school raffle and made some great ice cream themed greeting cards and round stickers to go with them. I was torn though..I have seen their mini cards and so wanted to get them but thought it'd be a waste since B got cards and we as a blog only hand out so many actual cards. But check out the mini cards. They are so friggin cute and definitely are conversation starters.
Instead I will be writing something new. Time moves on and it’s not good to keep rehearsing the past. Some of it is best left as part of the learning process.
Iván Meade – How do you feel that your previous career in law has affected your career in interior design?
Thwarted. Just five minutes away are two brotherhood bins, which I've donated stuff to before. They're on a main road and must be serviced often -there's not usually a load of excess stuff lying around them. I pull up, get out, start thinking about the logistics of 'posting' all these fricking books through the maws of doom, and become aware that some old guy has wandered over to tell me off.
Making things yet worse, was the staff's tendency to conduct their conversations with each other (about whatever was on the 'after-hours' agenda) across the room at whatever volume was necessary, even if it meant leaving menu-clutching punters open mouthed in the middle of placing their order whilst they waited for the chat to conclude. (Which, on one occasion I witnessed, was a moment that never actually came!...The waitress in question in this case continued a conversation with a colleague across the room - pad in hand with half of the customer's food order already written down - until the folks who were trying to complete that order eventually made a decision among themselves to get up and leave. A proactive measure which the waitress herself remained oblivious to until they were long departed.)
As most of you know, I've been putting a disproportionate amount of time into the anti-bridge-tolls insurgency, and today is the final "public input" meeting with the group that we've come to address (not lovingly) as the Tolling Authority. It's from 4:00 - 7:00 p.m. this afternoon, in downtown Louisville at the Muhammad Ali Center.
Other Notes: The jaw is pretty much fixed. There are no screws to adjust the amount the skull's mouth is open. The skull is another issue in that there is no way to position it a certain direction - it simply rotates - so expect to come out and find your skellie looking backwards.
I normally associate the magic of Lauren Child's books with her brilliant collages, so it was a complete surprise to discover how well her stories worked as audio-only. DB is a particular fan, and now that I have finally stopped pointing out how well the two siblings get on, WB is allowing himself to go back to enjoying it, too. (I am still hoping the example seeps in by osmosis.)
One very interesting thing that I found out about Gauthama Maharshi in the Siva Purana, is that he was Anjana’s father. And Anjana is Hanuman’s mother. And Hanuman or Anjaneya is every child’s favorite, from Valmiki’s Ramayana. Hanuman was a Vanara. Many children like Hanuman not only for the wonderful things that he did, and his nice nature, but also for his very long tail. We know now, that Vanara means forest dweller and that the Vanaras were definitely human, by the species definition. But we shall keep this knowledge in a small box, put a lid on it, and continue to love Hanuman with a long and handy tail, just like the centuries of Indians loved him before us. There, that is decided! After all, we are not muggles!
along a parade route. Spectators lined both sides from start to finish, and there was music blasting, live bands, a couple of drum lines, dozens cheering, clapping, people spraying the runners with garden hoses and handing out oranges, water, popsicles, ice, etc. I had my iPod, but half the time I couldn't even hear my music over the cheering crowd; hundreds of thousands of people watched the race. It was unreal.
If you are a follower you will get an extra entry.
Here are the adorable creations from the DT...
The game also introduces the concept of companions as you’re given a small party to adventure with in the demo levels. While this is a cool concept and really fills out the class structure in your party, I felt that it made things a bit too easy. Your party is really good at what they do (except the healer decided not to heal me during combat) and even if you just run around like a nut, your party will continue to lay waste to the creature. They’re intelligent but may be a bit too intelligent. Never thought I’d be saying that. They tended to do a better job than even myself. I could have also done without the constant chatter from them. It all becomes a bit overwhelming when each person is continuously yelling things about what they’re doing and seeing the text scroll up the left side of screen seemingly every 5 seconds.
It goes into the science; it follows the process and is basically a fast forward how to brew a new batch with the goofs and the mistakes thrown in for good measure. It’s well weighted and well paced with comedy and quirky elements which Sam pulls of well.
After the third album the band "drifted apart", only to reform to record again when their song "Nine By Nine" featuring violinist Nick Pickett was #1 in France. The 1972 album Blue, released just as John Dummer Band, featured a cover by Roger Dean, whilst the band had shrunk to a four-piece blues-rock band, comprising Dummer, Pickett, Pietryga and Thomson. The band's fifth album, Oobleedoobleejubilee (1973), released as John Dummer's Oobleedooblee Band, had a country music style, whilst the line-up again included the Kelly, along with Michael Evans (violin) and Roger Brown (vocals). The bands final album, recorded in 1973, included Graham Bond (sax), Pick Withers (drums), Pete Emery (guitar) and Colin Earl (Foghat) (keyboards), but the album was shelved, and the band broke up in 1974. This final album was eventually released in 2008, as the Lost 1973 Album.
The naturalistic response to this paper: (links removed)
Cell: 305-582-1460
Today is fiction: I’m anticipating editing Babel.
As per usual, the floor was covered in all kind of football paraphernalia – boots, medical equipment, water bottles, but mostly our team kit, which spewed in all directions out of a black holdall. Ben Rowe surveyed the wreckage for electrical tape. His hands glided in and along it like Han Solo looking for Luke Skywalker beneath the wee and poo of the Death Star's garbage unit. He cannot rest until he's wrapped the tape around his socks to hold his shin pads in place, but he couldn't find any, and he was letting everyone know about it, which, in that cramped changing room, was getting a bit much for me; maybe, subconsciously, that's why I let him have it.
On the fifth floor of the Ansari Business Building at the University of Nevada's Reno campus is a gem of a museum, currently showing a fascinating exhibition of Western Archaeology. The University of Nevada, Reno Anthropology Research Museum is part of the Anthropology Department. At the time of writing (December 2011) the exhibition called Archaeology of the Mining West features artifacts from saloon digs at Virginia City, the Silver Boom town featured in the 1960s TV show Bonanza and now in my new Western Mysteries series of books for kids aged 9+. (There is also a small case of items from one of the excavations of the ill-fated Donner Party, where pioneers had to resort to cannibalism to survive.)
Believe me buddy I was rooting for you.. I would sooo much rather be chilling in heaven right now because my laundry pile is HUGE..
Just so you know I'm not dead.
Erasure Sometimes UK
March 25 @ Ultra Festival, Miami
Soul Typecast by The Jon Spencer Blues Explosion
Can you pronounce everything?
Originally titled: ON SHOWING UP
Think lilac! forget that Dior says black and rust.
“Where would they go?” Lieber continued.
Malika Zarrar: What’s happening in Egypt, man?
when you came along i gave you everything
-I like tartness so I used 1 cup cranberries. This recipe will be great with 3/4 cups as well.
Have a blessed 2012 guys! It's only the beginning.
Some of our public sector institutions need to update their rules in the face of rapid technological change. Job Centre Plus weren’t best pleased to see me tweeting while waiting for my now fortnightly appointment with them on the ground that they don’t like mobile phones being switched on.
Although I'm not always keen on how the girls behave, their friendship is firm, they have good hearts, they can be very funny so I give this 8/10.
I really enjoyed this run. I hope we can plan to make this happen at least once or twice a week. If I keep at it, I will surely get used to the early morning wake up, right? How do you early birds do it? Any suggestions would be great!
And hit me so hard it makes me cry?
Barnard said 97 out of 270 calls did not take the caller through to an officer at that police station.
H: In a perfect world, the truck would drop off a different mixed sampler every day so I can try a whole bunch of new things! I’m hoping I get samplers from Founders, Bell’s, New Belgium, DuClaw, Hoppin Frog, Sweet Water, Fort Collins…basically anything that’s not local!
Me: OK Sheldon.
of all that is provided;
Thank you so much for stopping by today!! If you are going to be at CHA please stop by the Spellbinders booth and say hello! I would love to meet you!!! I hope you have a wonderful and creative day!!
We will arise united as compatriots for our beloved
At first, I said, "Well, I liked the movie and I can absolutely see how it could make a difference in a couple's marriage, but that's not the case here." Well, it's been a few weeks since we saw it and I've since changed my mind. I think it actually did make a difference in Joe. Little by little, I've seen some changes in him. Will they last? Is he really changing things now? And is it too late anyway? Only time will tell, but there's definitely something good working in him.
Lots of black and whites and repetitions of the greys that are everywhere this autumn and winter. But also with cute pastel pinks, blues and yellows thrown in. Don't think Luella's gone soft on us though, her london punk edge is still there, and with her mod style plastic macs its apparent that the sixties will be back come 2007.
DOLLY: when we were younger, my dad used to call me and my sisters his Dollies. I don’t know why, where it came from, never got to ask him. So now, my sisters and I all call each other Dolly. My oldest sister is “Big” Dolly, next oldest is “Middle” Dolly, and I’m “Little” Dolly. It helps us to distinguish who we’re talking about when we’re on the phone.
So, yes: When people in a marginalized group see yet another creative work that speaks only to people of privilege, they have every right to dismiss that work, regardless of how many privileged people insist that the work is somehow objectively the pinnacle of awesome. And they most certainly have a right to complain when that work is considered some sort of cultural groundbreaker when it is anything but.
Any how, here is the pic I want to share...demo and supplies to come ( i hope!)
"Pledges, this is the final task. Fail, and you're out. Succeed and you're in."
Method:
Cloves-3
Awesome’s an appropriate word, because he clearly digs his gig, where he’s been known for nearly a decade as Kevin the Intern — and that title’s not changing any time soon for the 36-year-old.
Secondly, the leper also kneels. Kneeling is a biblical gesture of our dependence on God. It implies that we are incapable of accomplishing certain things. Kneeling is in fact the posture of redeemed people. Only those who have tasted of redemption can kneel to the God of Scriptures. The leper knows that this is outside of his control. At times we want to fix everything. We think everything is in our control. We are the captains of our ships, masters of our souls. But God is the sustainer of our lives. We owe him all that we have and are.
If technological advance only made things easier and not also faster, I would just as likely be writing this blog entry in the year 200,010 as here in 2010! Furthermore, many technologies today are being specifically used for expediting technological advance. For example, Moore’s Law states that our computing power grows exponentially, doubling every two years. Given our modern reliance on the computer, that basically means that we are racing toward the future faster than ever before, and with ever increasing speed!
I loved being around horses, and always wanted to take a ride on one of the work horses. One day Clendon unhitched the team at the woodpile in the back yard. The house sat up on a little hill. The Beaver Valley road to Horsefly went past the front, at the bottom of the little hill. There was a road up to the house on one side, and it carried on back down on the other side., rejoining the “main” road down near the barn.
Sugar Cream Puff Diary, Volume 1, Grade 4-5, Ja’s age: 11 years old
All in all, a breath-taking work - I would highly recommend it to foodie and film fans.
She said that suggestions Cameron texted her up to twelve times a day while opposition leader were ‘preposterous’, adding that they exchanged messages about once a week although contacts increased to about two a week in the run-up to the 2010 general election.
Blue tent upon the green carpet.
Real men don’t let tears fall do they? Be it as a sign of happiness or sadness?
Dr Gondek said: “Some of the material culture we uncovered is exceptional. It is one of the most significant finds of early medieval imported goods in north Britain.”
7. Bake for about 10 minutes at 180ºC/gas mark 4. The cookies should be uncooked in the centre, so when they’ve cooled they will be wonderfully soft.
Nobody says that, right? I mean unless you’re dating? It’s not like you tell whoever flashed by your inner eye that they did indeed flash by your inner eye. Naked.
I look forward to reading your reviews this month!
SO...the winner is Olivia Waite for her "Fifty Shades of Fame" entry. Olivia, you'll be getting an email this week with your EC gift card code.
There are a number of options you might consider such as computer training, presentation skills training, project management training, financial management training and assertiveness training just to name a few. If you can think of something about yourself that you'd like to improve, you can probably quickly find a course or some sort of training to take. Plus, taking training courses - especially if your employer pays for it - is a great way to keep active and network with others who might help your career.
FAVORITES: Shirer uses personal examples and common experiences to illustrate her points. I connected with her like I would sharing a cup of coffee with a girlfriend. Her insights make hearing from God less intimidating.
* Link to the person that tagged you.
Mitt Romney is doing precisely what Progressives and the media do year after year. He is unable to debate honestly on conservative ideas and win. Scratch the campaign pressed and ready veneer and Mitt Romney is center-Left. If he were in the White House, he’d be crafting legislation with Democrats and liberal Republicans, not conservatives.
Ann: Claire has gradually got better and better and better. I marvel at her sometimes. When she left hospital she could only walk about two steps, and four adults needed to help her get upstairs to get to bed. She refused to sleep downstairs. Now she can go upstairs on her own, or just with me one step behind her. She still needs support, she can get stuck with words a lot. She swears a lot. She has to remember not to lean too far over to the right – the stroke affected her right side – or she’ll topple over.
Image: A screen shot from the “Moscow Helsink Group” clearly subsidized from abroad. The significance of this group and its affiliates leading protests, indicates nothing less than foreign-funded sedition unfolding in the streets of Russia.
your ignorance is my strength
What to do? What to do?
His body was not found, no funeral held.
4) The big variable-race day adrenaline!
Other than when she made cheesecake and baklava, I never saw her use a recipe. She left behind no cookbooks, no recipe box, no trace of the unadorned but nourishing meals she cooked over the years.
Here are a few pictures of my latest projects. Used a lot of different digi stamps and, again, converted some of them to SVG's to cut with MTC. Hope you like them.
Biggest Anxiety
I'm moved wards. I feel a bit forgotten. My second day there and I am drugged up to manage the pain.
When the asparagus is finished, I lay it out on a sheet of foil on my countertop to cool. I have granite counters and the stone helps to draw the heat off the asparagus, but air cooling on any surface is a good idea before refrigerating the spears. It's never a good idea to put hot or warm food directly into the fridge.
Although it has been a fair and pleasant day to say my goodbyes to the family, we all had lunch together at our usual watering hole, then went our separate ways.
I turn.
It's probably just nostalgia, but I like the older one better. (I do like the new color one too - just not quite as much.)
The sources for this article are footnoted in my book, Big Oil & Their Bankers… I have been including footnotes in my more recent articles. Thanks for your comment.
I know my kids don't want to cause harm to other people. They don't want to hurt feelings, or bodies, or damage property. They don't want to be rude or disrespectful. I trust that someday they will be able to understand enough to keep from doing these on their own, most of the time, just like I trusted they would learn to walk. But I know that even as adults who know better, people sometimes hurt each other. Even adults who are experienced walkers fall down.
Thanks for looking! Susie
3 tbsp ground almonds or cashews
Front 242 No shuffle B
Thank you for all of the sweet comments shared on Twitter and Typepad about the makeover. I'm taking the rest of the night off to relax and spend some quality time with a husband who hasn't seen much of me in the last few days! He's been so great to keep the kids occupied, keep the house running, and keep food in the fridge while I knocked this monster out. I think he's earned at least one long afternoon to ride off into the sunset with his scooter friends.
103 How sweet are your words to my taste;
Oh, and a small rant. For some reason, a new and hip trend with Season Lists is to add Months which are not actually a part of that season – whilst the attempt to make Summer four months long is an endearing and naively hopeful idea, it is also an idea that is INCORRECT. September is in Fall – got that? Okay? Thanks.
We also have a Whiff of Joy Member Gallery at Splitcoastampers that contains all cards that are uploaded to the SCS gallery and tagged with our key words. You can upload your WoJ cards to your own personal gallery and by adding our key words, they will also be placed in our member gallery.
Until next time, aspire to be more as an artist and person.
Weapons of unvanquished war.
Searching for the hope that’s tucked away in you and me
The snow has disappeared. Green has returned and I'm sure this morning I heard the tiniest hint of spring in the birdsong?
PS-it's at the church in case you were wondering :)
Dear Universe: WTF already?
It was a real pleasure to make this dress and I had a lot of fun trying to recreate Joanie's overall look for the pictures. I've also really enjoyed following everybody else's progress and reading all the research other bloggers have been doing into different character's looks. This has probably been the most enjoyable challenge I've been involved in so far - I've had a big grin on my face during the whole process! So massive thanks must be given to Julia Bobbin for organising such an interesting and fun challenge. Don't forget to check out her blog from 1st April, where she'll be showcasing all the other amazing Mad Men dresses that have been created worldwide. I can't wait to see them all.
Sunday is pumpkin carvin' day and NFL football - go Skins!!! I'm trying 3 new recipes this weekend so the house should smell really yummy - one is a spaghetti sauce that simmers all day and another is a macaroni & cheese in the crockpot (a/k/a heart attack in a crock pot if you saw the ingredients!). I may even have to throw in a Starbucks pumpkin spice latte somewhere in here.
That declaration by the Ministry of Civil Affairs was banning an organization that had been dissolved more than three years prior. As for Falun Gong itself, it has only the cultivation principles of “Truth-Compassion-Forbearance” and the five exercises. Its cultivators come and go as they please, and there are no membership lists or dues, and it does not have an organization. The principles of “Truth-Compassion-Forbearance” reside in the cultivators’ hearts, and the exercises are carried out by their bodies. No groups or organizations formed by Falun gong practitioners can be equated to Falun Gong itself. So from any angle, one cannot say that Falun Gong itself was ever banned, nor can it be banned.
The first, and one of the most frightening, came almost immediately upon my return home. My friends and I were lined up outside of a circus tent, waiting to see the sideshow. An old fashioned and grotesque carnival barker captured my attention, shouting offers to show me my future in perfect detail. I excused myself from the line I was in and approached the barker, paying him the two-dollar fee. He led me to another smaller tent around back and pushed me through the entrance.
of triumph and recompense
Cattle Prods? Strangulation? Divorce? I LOATHE tardiness. But, I'm sure your chap has lots of other redeeming qualities, so, let's solve this one:
I had seriously considered giving up on Tucson as a venue for me. I've changed my mind. I will be back there next year. Things will be a bit different than they were the last few years, but I will be back and I will be teaching again AND I will be spending yet another birthday in Arizona.
Sunday morning, I rolled out of bed, blurry eyed and slightly dazed. I was sure someone had replaced my head with one of those ovoid watermelons, big as a newborn babe, while I slept. I could hear the mushy, juice soaked flesh sloshing around inside, or was that my brain? After the boys had gone to bed the night before, Hubs had stirred up a seemingly unending line of Moscow mules, to mark the end of a work week so fraught with tension, we were both frazzled by Friday. He makes a mean cocktail, and I did each one justice.
Birgisson
Interviewer: (blank stare)
I am the only person I know who followed Letterman before he did late night television. I remember him when he was just a stand-up comic doing guest spots on The Tonight Show and other programs. I recall him winning a televised national contest of stand-ups somewhere around ’78 or ’79. And I was an avid follower — apparently one of the only audience members — for his first nationally televised program, The David Letterman Show, a morning program that ran from June through October, 1980. It was the most insane, misguided bit of tv scheduling, I believe, in the history of television. Mid-morning (10am or so) is sort of little-old-lady tv time. Who else would watch television at that hour? I remember it being the slot where in those days you would normally find things like Phil Donahue, Dinah Shore and game shows. Letterman’s show was satirical — a sort of parody of what you might find at that hour. The only precedent I can think of for something that subversive on daytime tv was Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman. This ballsy, satirical approach filled a void at the time…it seems a legacy of what SNL had done just a few years before but had recently stopped doing, with the replacement of their entire cast and writing staff at just around the same time. (Later, Letterman even inherited SNL’s Paul Shaffer). Regulars on the show included Rich Hall, Valri Bromfield (both of whom later went on to SNL),Edie McClurg, Will Shriner, etc. For a few weeks his regular musical guest was Loudon Wainwright III. Letterman’s biting sensibility was mixed with his own experience as a local broadcaster in his native Indiana in the early 70s, where he had been a weatherman, helmed a late night movie show, and done a children’s program. He and his cast played constantly with Americana and audience expectations about what would happen on television. What was radical for its time was the fact that they did so with a freedom that one associates with the early days of television. (I think it is for that reason a lot of people assumed Letterman was influenced by Ernie Kovacs, although he apparently insists he wasn’t. He usually cites Steve Allen, who was also regularly on his show. I also see a lot Bob & Ray in there…that dry, straight, deadpan, and the relentless parody of the broadcast medium itself.)
the Australian Jewish Democratic Society (AJDS) recently conducted research into the ways in which young Melbourne Jews are engaging with the Jewish community, in order to ‘enhance’ their ‘engagement with young people’. Helen Rosenbaum, who did the research, spoke to sixteen people and produced a really interesting report – as I was reading it I was somewhat comforted. I think those of us who are on the outer of the Melbourne Jewish community often feel like everyone else feels at home in it; but the number of people who expressed sentiments of dissent and alienation was stark. As Helen wrote, “The findings indicate that a socially progressive Jewish voice is valued by politically aware young Jews, many of whom are searching for a secular Jewish community to belong to.”
13) Bikeage
Fresca means "cool" or "fresh" in Spanish, the official language of Mexico. The food served here is classic Mexican, specialising in botanas i.e. small plates which are great for sharing. At the moment, they are having a Buy 1 Free 1 promo on their Electric Blue Margarita (RM39 for grande).
This is my 5th pregnancy. I'm only 5 weeks pregnant. But it feels good.
To become who I was meant to be, the ugly had to vacate the premises. The ugly wasn't my fault- but I had to forgive myself. The ugly wasn't the fault of the adults in my childhood- but I had to forgive them. The ugly was completely the fault of my abuser- and to conclude the ugly inside of me, I had to forgive him. It didn't happen overnight. It didn't happen in the 2 weeks that I was inpatient or in the months that I was outpatient in the hospital. It happened in little steps and stages over the course of several years.
Being stuck in a closet while your living relative sits awkwardly in the living room after just being told that after they die strange mysterious things will be done to them and they won’t be able to stop it.
During preparation of an October story about Jones, the Journal-World learned evidence in the case had been preserved, and could possibly still be tested. A day after the story was published, the Topeka Police Cold Case Unit reopened the rape case and later produced the DNA profile match with Russell.
My personal bias rose out of my chest within seconds of getting into town: I love Delhi. Nothing against Mumbai, but if I could choose one Indian city to spend the rest of my life in, it would be Delhi. In fact, Delhi may be third on my list of best cities (right behind #1 New York and #2 San Diego). Clean streets, great public transportation, and thousands of years of history layered beneath your feet: Delhi is fantastic.
My mom called me from Wyoming,
'During this inquiry, we have identified areas of concern that have the potential to be major impediments to competitiveness and to productivity. Investment in skills and transport by the UK Government and the Welsh Government should sit at the heart of the economic development agenda. The UK Government and the Welsh Government must renew their efforts to promote science and engineering in Wales.
I got to my aunt's house at around 7 after taking my breakfast at McDs. She wasn't around by then - probably somewhere in the middle of the honking mess that is KL's rush hour traffic - but I had the keys to the apartment.
The dogs and I are walking in the village by waning moonlight.
Buying based on the Season
Again I see the same Jesus calling those that labor and are heavy ladenned to come to him that they may have REST in Mathew.
Then as I walked out of the CR, I took a slight glance over the pantry and I couldn’t believe sa nakita ko- ISANG COFEEE MACHINE and wait here it comes……GUMAGANA!!!
If you're happy with the preview, then click 'Done' to continue with any other changes you wish to make, or go to the top right and select 'Apply to Blog' to finish!
But other victims might not be as lucky.
As much as I am at peace with my decision to close the door on my friendship with my friend that named her baby Jack - I am feeling like this decision may have also cost me other friendships. I am not really sure why or how I would be the "bad" guy in this situation - and I momentarily felt bad for her - but then I remembered that she got to take her baby home and all this wouldn't have ever happened if she would have chosen a different name. The one thing that would crush me - she did....so I am not sure what I did wrong. I did what I had to do to deal with it and move forward.
2) Food
Hubby wanted to try a meaty pizza, so we ordered the Tommassi Speciale. I would have preferred the Bianca Formaggio, which was their bestseller, but we had another voucher anyway, so we’ll just try that next time.
Forgive me if this article turns a little too personal, but the truth is that I and many Puerto Ricans are going through an extremely difficult time in our history. We are currently being governed by a government with no love for its people. It gives a happy face to tourists and the media, but when it comes to its people, the masses, the poor, the middle class, well, then you see an entirely different face emerge. A violent, cold face, with no love or respect for those that put them in power. Kind of like those robot cops from George Lucas's THX 1138. Every step that our government is taking is to make their powerful grip on the country stronger. The police force is getting bigger, the national guard recruits fresh meat every day, all for the sole purpose of inflicting fear on the people, which I must say they have successfully done. I am not lying when I say that many Puerto Ricans walk in fear when they venture out into the streets. So, this is my personal reason for doing a special blog post about films dealing with revolution. It’s something I needed to do, to vent out all my thoughts and worries on this matter. Today I’ll be commenting on both of Steven Soderberg’s CHE films, on Oliver Stone's JFK and also on The Motorcycle Diaries, because it just feels appropriate, all things considered.
So do keep on measuring the team’s output because that’s your certainty that the system is working, but give your people the freedom to work out how best to achieve those results by giving them the wherewithall to make those decisions for themselves. That blurry shape in fig 1 that we called a team can have structure, shape and accountability without you making all the decisions but only when you do it in a way that empowers the people within. You were there once too, and you know how much you loathe being told what to do!
It’s in the aina, and laau.
With respect to colour choices, you can modify the colour scheme using Blogger's built in colour editing capabilities. Click on the Layout tab and then on Fonts and Colors.
Stamps: Longing Tilda by Magnolia Sweden, Sentiment by Stampin' Up!
Floam. Amy from Nail-Venturous has taken the polish world by storm with her recent creations, namely Floam - which became an overnight hit not only amongst nail polish bloggers and collectors, but also in the mainstream market.
Chicken feet are not that foreign to Americans and are mostly consumed in the deep south of the US. I have never tried them and I know no one who has, until now. I always thought of them as an oddity in the grocery, scrawny appendages, scaly skin, something akin to Yoda’s hands whirling his light saber.
They walked further and came to an open passageway perpendicular to the one they’d been following, and not quite as wide. That corridor vanished a long way off into darkness. As they stared down the black passageway with trepidations that none of them bothered to express out loud. Then, coming from the direction they’d been going originally, they heard a gravely voice yelling from the distance, echoing through the corridor.
“But these are the stories of triumph, of perseverance and sheer willpower that lie behind every Olympian and every Paralympian. And that’s why these Games are important, you guys."
N - Netherlands, Netherlands Antilles, New Caledonia, New Zealand, Norway
However the only sort of “dualism” that I am willing to consider seriously is the dualism of form and matter to which I appealed in the discussion of rationality (and I take that to be a major concession). The question of the form-matter distinction is an interesting question for general metaphysics (and physics), and it is at the level of general metaphysics that it will have to be resolved one way or another: it is not ultimately, I argue, a problem particular to the metaphysics of mind. So the hope for a natural semantic of psychological predicates is still alive, granting that human beings may be possessed, like everything else in nature, of formal properties that are different from physical properties. Other than that (admittedly major) caveat, it is my view that there are only physical properties. So I will now have to argue that there are no phenomenal properties. A successful argument will have to persuade the reader that the absent-qualia problem has been satisfactorily addressed.
This is not a heartwarming story about a mom in distress, but a child being raised as a homeless person. It’s not Chelsea’s fault that the adults in her life, for whatever reason, are unable to work within the system and make choices to provide for Chelsea. She is deserving but hard to help.
…“For how can I endure to see my people and my family slaughtered and destroyed?”(Esther 8:6)
The idea for the resolution was brought to the council by Jordan McNeish, a 23-year-old activist formerly involved with the Occupy Charlottesville movement who has since founded a local chapter of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws. McNeish has openly acknowledged that he has had past legal trouble involving marijuana possession.
and everything to do with the
I also worked at the student newspaper, where I learned to paginate, which is basically an irrelevant skill to me now, but helped me understand some fairly complicated software programs and become comfortable computing all day. Reporting always came easy for me, but definitely taking classes about reporting and writing help sharpen your skills. I endorse taking creative writing/fiction classes to stretch your brain as well.
- Collage and Paint
Moving out of my apartment week.
"I can't help noting that no cultures in the world that I have ever heard of make such a fuss about bedtimes, and no cultures have so many adults who find it so hard either to go to sleep or wake up. Could these social facts be connected? I strongly suspect they are."
NosetoTailatHome.com
I know you tried really hard, but the rally was a bit too late and has left me WEARING GREEN this Monday.
He had dead chickens.
~ An outside fridge is wonderful except for when the kids are innocently playing outside and "need to open the garage door for a sec to get their bikes." Hairy Carey will ensue and the dozen or so eggs that are tucked into the cool confines of the fridge will be the poor unsuspecting recipients of the resulting craziness.
Anyway, this one pours an inky black, with red highlights but only at the extreme edges because of how thick this one is. Not as opaque as Ten FIDY or Bourbon County, but it doesn't have to be. Good sized head on an aggressive pour that's dark brown and fades to a sheet, but stays there.
When I think of all the harm the Bible has done, I despair of ever writing anything to equal it.” — Oscar Wilde
Indoor flowering 9 weeks average
Much plotting ensued and a cunning plan was decided on !
As a candidate, Obama spoke eloquently of the need to bring the estimated 11 million immigrants here without documentation “out of the shadows.” As president, he stepped up the number of deportations to an all-time high: 298,401 in fiscal 2009, a 13 percent increase over the last year of George W. Bush’s presidency. But reforming our ridiculous immigration laws so that the millions of immigrants here illegally could have a path to legalization was deferred, like so many administration commitments, until health-care reform was enacted.
One reason for the much-discussed refusal to issue demands is because issuing demands means recognising the legitimacy – or at least, the power – of those of whom the demands are made. Anarchists often note that this is the difference between protest and direct action: Protest, however militant, is an appeal to the authorities to behave differently; direct action, whether it’s a matter of a community building a well or making salt in defiance of the law (Gandhi’s example again), trying to shut down a meeting or occupy a factory, is a matter of acting as if the existing structure of power does not even exist. Direct action is, ultimately, the defiant insistence on acting as if one is already free.
While poor old Ned O’Keeffe – who listed his activities in the 2010 Dail register as including “growing grass” (no Ming, not that type of grass!) – was having his collar felt by the boys and girls in blue yesterday, spare a thought for former Fianna Fail junior minister, and later senator Ivor Callely who had his own bother with mobile phone invoices in the past. But yesterday the Independent reported that the hapless ex-politician had been fined €150m for driving an untaxed car. Some mistake surely? No, the first sentence beneath the headline confirms the amount and reads “FORMER junior minister Ivor Callely has been fined €150m for driving an untaxed car” Well that’s the 2012 household charge sorted so!
Thoughtsy: Hi…Boyfriend!
So without further delay, get that bundt pan ready and head on over to her site for this incredible recipe.
- line the mold with plastic wrap and pack the forcemeat in
xoxo and God Bless+,
For a long time, I have started off on my left foot. This goes for stairs, kerbs, lunges... (which is fine for even-numbered workouts, not so great for odd numbers!). Knowing this often looks really weird when you have to take a teensy step not to use the right, I bow to my desire to at least appear normal, and can use either foot. The right often results in a mental face screw-up, though, but the more I do it the less it bothers me. I'm still quite conscious of it though.
He knew instinctively that she wasn’t that way. He couldn’t be absolutely sure, of course, but he’d bet on it. She didn’t put others into neat little boxes because she didn’t put herself in one, and that struck him as refreshing and different, especially when compared with the girls he’d known at Laney.
- In Bangladesh it is against the law for schoolchildren to cheat at school exams. Pupils as young as 15 can be imprisoned for this.
One definition of bhakti is given in the authoritative book Narada-pañcaratra:
Well I’m not that brave guess I missed out
I found this great idea on pinterest that I want to do for the first day:)
He looked dancing like I feel swimming.
The Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC)
There are many sporting activities that can satisfy the appetite of adventure enthusiasts, and windsurfing is one of them. This extreme sport has all the thrilling elements and involves substantial amount of risks to life.
236.9 D
Here’s a bit about Investment in that particular ‘Shale Rush’ by Deborah Rogers.
- Avoid sugar
Since I still hadn’t gotten a chance to calibrate my Nike + yet, I went to Map My Run, a very accurate “Google maps” type system that helps people plan out running and biking routes, to get an idea of what my distance and pace actually was.
In a medium bowl, mix together the yogurt, garlic, lemon juice, ¼ teaspoon salt, and <U+215B> teaspoon pepper. Add the chicken and turn to coat. Refrigerate for at least 30 minutes and up to 2 hours.
How much does Saudi Arabia hate women? So much so that 15 girls died in a school fire in Mecca in 2002, after “morality police” barred them from fleeing the burning building — and kept firefighters from rescuing them — because the girls were not wearing headscarves and cloaks required in public. And nothing happened. No one was put on trial. Parents were silenced. The only concession to the horror was that girls’ education was quietly taken away by then-Crown Prince Abdullah from the Salafi zealots, who have nonetheless managed to retain their vise-like grip on the kingdom’s education system writ large.
It is ever so popular to paint over wood with a fresh color like white, or turquoise, or yellow.
The motorcycle jump.That one everybody’s seen.
Stayed up later than I wanted to and slept on the couch with a child who wasn't ready for bed, because we always had fun and learned to respect each other.
I’ll start cooking! Yes!
During summer season, it becomes easier to engage in unhealthy dietary behavior so it is also important to consider if there are healthy food alternatives. I’m not saying that one should refrain himself/herself from eating burgers, hot dogs, fries, I am just saying that eating those everyday may cause adverse effects on your health later on ; they should be taken as treats rather than making them daily meals. If there are no healthy options, it is sometimes best to carry your own meal or snack from home ensuring that they are properly stored of course.
Republic of Korea
Yesterday afternoon whilst playing with my new(ish) Panasonic Lumix camera I discovered a macro setting and had fun playing with that for an hour. Results aren't great yet...but I'll keep practising! (DH keeps saying 'read the instruction manual!' but I'd rather find out by playing and fiddling. Anyone else like me? ( I HATE manuals)
I'm sore. Every cell in my body has been stressed this week. It's going to be weird to give it all a break. But I've earned it.
Tight: top shop
My second husband was a pest. He would call “just to check up” and then bitch about how miserable he was. He would write scathing messages on facebook about how I shouldn’t say nasty things about him to my friends. He signed a paper that said anything left after he moved out was mine. Six months later for the courts he signed a paper saying all our property had been distributed and he had his and I had mine. Six months later I got threats about all his stuff that I had no right to be keeping because it was his and not mine. He wanted to keep tabs on my 17 year old daughter and 21year old son. He accused me of not letting them speak to him, as though I could have prevented it had they wanted to call.
I have had to squeeze an extra 15-20 hours' work into each week - to visit my dad, take him to hospital appointments, have conversations with doctors and social workers, and do all sorts of other bits and pieces. The Care Service people are 'not allowed' to do task that is medical, because they're not trained for it. Fair enough. But I haven't had any training either, yet it still falls to me to sort out my dad's medications and oxygen. More annoyingly, they're 'not able' to do his shopping either, though you definitely don't need special training for that. So it falls to me to do that, too. Hmm. Perhaps in a way it's lucky he's stopped eating.
Sangeet‘s elder brother Ganesh said, “We felt something was amiss as one of our relatives had spotted Sangeeta with her husband on the day of her disappearance. I am sure Sangeeta’s husband killed her.”
Not meant to be so I created another page.
Frank Francisco came on for the save chance, but with one out Carlos Gonzalez ripped a line drive to right that just barely managed to make it over the high wall there. Amazingly, the Rockies had come back again, but the Mets were not done scoring runs.
The main issue that I’m noticing with the From Ashes DLC is this: It involves getting a new squad mate and not just any squad mate a Prothean Squadmate. For those that haven’t played Mass Effect this is a big deal because the Prothean’s are important to the series backstory. It comes free with the Collector’s Edition but costs $10 if you own the standard edition and it’s Day 1 DLC.
Kegel’s perineometer was the first biofeedback machine designed for clinical use. Employing a vaginal sensor, an air-pressure balloon, and a tire gauge, it enabled patients to verify that they were performing Kegel’s correctly and to monitor their progress.
Nowhere is this trend more obnoxious than in the particular case of the commodification of knowledge, whereby subjects are grouped into the ‘useful’ ones (i.e. ones that have commercial spin-offs) and the ‘useless’ ones (i.e. ones that don’t), with the latter, unsurprisingly, being dismissed. Or, as more hicklodytic commentators might be inclined to say: “Yer gettin’ a degree in that? What kinda jarbs would that get ye?”
Being at a cocktail party and having someone tell you an uncomfortable story about their dead relative or their private lives. This is definitely an awkward situation that believe it or not I have had to get out of before. Here is how to fix it.
It is very hard to manage a paragraph that long without losing the reader, and my heart goes out to the translator, but that phrase "in confidential familiarity with heaven" really made me happy.
12th - first round of declutter-washing. (No, they aren't really baby clothes that have been languishing in the loft for 6 years.....)
Picture Keeper also is running a promotion right now. Purchase a Picture Keeper at a participating Walgreens store and receive a coupon for 50 FREE Prints at a Walgreens Photo Center. Just save your receipt and email it to sales@picturekeeper.com and they will provide a $5.00 Walgreens gift card!
There are several ways on how to cure back acne. Bacne – a short term for back acne is just like any ordinary forms of acne. It can appear as pimples, blackheads, pustules or in severe cases it would look like an acne cyst.
endowment and value chain
Do you miss living the country life?
DOWN a size?? Are you f*&*king kidding me??
beautiful but useless.
One-half teaspoon cornstarch
(Disclaimer. I'm not involved in any way with the sites mentioned, I'm just sharing what seems to me to be a useful resource. i.e., I'm not being a shill for them).
United Nations Development Program and UBINIG, Bangladesh
the present moment
we answer
Too much of late in Malaysia has been about negativity, anger and insecurity. Bersih 3.0 is moving politics away from that negativity to the promise of a better future for Malaysians, or at least trying to do so. Najib’s reaction to Bersih 3.0 is perhaps his most serious leadership test yet.
Currently we don’t have a replacement (so if you are looking for a paralegal job?) so there is a bit of tension. I’m busy trying to finish up projects, write handover notes and a new version on the bible, while preparing myself for the new job.
My second beer was the Belgian Pale Ale. I was really surprised with how good this was. It has a Belgian yeast spice punch with a strong hop flavor and aroma, without an over powering bitterness. I had low expectations for this one, and it came out great.
Fans who have become disenfranchised by the WWE’s obvious disregard for women’s wrestling rally together to complain and piss on everything the company does related to women’s wrestling. The negative effect of this process is that these fans become too jaded after a certain point to either acknowledge or appreciate good women’s wrestling when they witness it.
Today I'll be working on the line art I posted on my Sketch Blog the other day, testing out my new mad marker skills and the glowing inspiration I got from today!
Also have our Hawaiian Paddle. Simple name, but it makes sense given the wood is from a tree only found in Hawaii. That's probably our favorite hand picked name.
a) You can enter any project as long as it meets the challenge requirements and it will count for one entry.
What the bike hasn’t been is particularly maintenance free or reliable. It was supplied with Continental Ultra Race Gatorskin tyres, I’d had Gatorskins on the MTB for a few years in its commuter mode and I find them to be a great road tyre offering plenty of wet weather grip, decent puncture protection and low rolling resistance for a tyre with no tread pattern. However the Ultra Race variety are like tissue paper by comparison as far as puncture protection is concerned. And yes, they were run at the correct pressure. Now punctures are a part of cycling life but after 2 in each tyre in the space of a week you can be forgiven for thinking the cycling gods have it in for you, or the tyres aren’t up to it. And remember this was sold as a commuting bike. Since replacing the tubes and tyres, with Continental Gatorskin Hardshells I’ve been puncture free. Now apart from being a bit thicker and with more strengthening in the tread and sidewalls, and therefore a tad heavier I can’t really tell the difference between the Ultra Races and these Hardshells on my flat, road commute, other than I’ve had no flats. In my route there are a total of around 75 yards of cobbles and even these haven’t upset the Hardshells. There doesn’t appear to be a huge difference in price as both tyres retail for around £20, so why would EBC specify a race tyre for a commuter bike?
All these beers will be featuring over the coming weeks, and I have to admit to being especially excited about the two variant forms of Old Tom - 'Chocolate' and the even more tantalizing 'Ginger.'
Now, on to the best part: The Leftovers. Here’s how I handle the Ham:
I have the copy of this book about months ago, and I tried so many times to read it, but I guess I wasn't in the mood those days so I wasn't able to finish it. But since I want to watch the movie of The Last Song (because I'm a fan of Miley :), and I preferred reading the book first before seeing the film, I decided to give it another try. So here it goes...
All I know is that I have devoured all the great tips
Apple Inc. was established in April of 1976 as Apple Computer, Inc.. The company had humble beginnings in the garage of one its founders, Steve Jobs. At first, the company was only known as a computer maker. Its Macintosh was the first personal computer introduced for home use. However, over the years Apple started to change and evolve. The Apple the most people know today is synonymous with devices like the iPod, iPhone, and iPad. Over the past decade, Apple has become wildly successful. Most recently, it became the most highly valued company in the world, with a current market capitalization of US$ 695 billion (Google Finance). The company currently has 357 retail locations in countries all around the world. Apple made US$ 33.8 billion in the fiscal year of 2011 while extracting US$25.9 billion in profits (Investor.Apple.com). The company does not actually manufacture any of its own products, and instead relies on outside companies to produce its designs.
Cambodian commuters. We saw many trucks like this loaded to the gills with people. Not unusual at all to see 30 in one truck. Packed in like sardines, hanging over the edges. So unsafe, but people there drive pretty slow, so I guess you just hang on and no one falls out.
Week 2 Sleep: 24 hours (A slight improvement over Week 1, but setting a bad precedent for on/off sleep)
She handed the book back, nose wrinkled. "It's good but it's sort of mean," she suggested.
Your hands, and on your feet I’d pour hot wax!
So, a little while back my Stepfather had an incident. He was bug bombing a friends place, when he realized, for some unrecallable reason, that he needed to return inside.
Again, let them cool on a rack, and once they are cooled , melt some white chocolate in a double boiler (I use a mixing bowl that fits into a pot with the bottom suspended about halfway down the pot). Then use a spoon to generously drizzle the white chocolate over the biscuits. Let it set, melt the chocolate again if necessary, flip the biscuits over, and drizzle the other side.
I met the elderly gentleman at a brocante fair, he was selling hand made fishing flies. Works of beauty, exquisite knots of thread and feather and beads, designed to lure and to deceive. But it wasn't the boxes of flies that drew me in, it was the old piece of fabric thrown across a trestle table and used to create his stall. A length of pale grey ticking, a most unusual colour, beautiful.
What strengths of yours might you overuse? How do you counteract your tendency to procrastinate in your writing?
On the bright side, however, I've been getting free bags from a brewery, and I'm actively seeking other free bag suppliers. I now have somewhere around 200, I'm guessing. I just started counting them yesterday.
Sentiment is from Fiskars Birthday Sentiment Collection Stamp Set.....
Too often records made up of minimal components are misinterpreted as being gloomy, but this is unlikely to be a fate which befalls Kammerspiel, given the sunlit glow which bathes its sounds. Opening song ‘Maschines’ begins with a twinkling melody and builds gently like the breaking of the day, culminating in Kampman softly cooing “You are home”. As the album progresses, you come to see that the template of ‘Maschines’ is in fact the blueprint for much of Conquering Animal Sound’s work. Frequently their songs begin in timorous fashion, gradually layering more and more sounds on top as they build. Let’s be clear though, this isn’t to say that Kammerspiel is in any way guilty of being formulaic, because the band display a boundless creativity with the finer details throughout, a little snippet of tape hiss here, a dissonant hint of cello or a snatch of thickly-distorted vocal sample there, meaning you’re never really fully aware of where they’re taking you at any point.
They’re PRACTICE: Sketchnoting hones your skills in observation & listening, distilling and structuring information, creating narratives, and—of course—rapid sketching.
Values are relatively static. Who you are as a person doesn’t change radically, for most, and who your company is shouldn’t either. As a company evolves so will its core values. These changes should be a fine tuning rather than a complete overhaul.
Are rustling in September's breeze.
This is a close-up of part of the front of the Abbey. The angels are ascending and descending a ladder to heaven. The story I heard was that, way back when, Bishop Oliver King came to visit Bath and found the church in a bad state. He didn’t want to rebuild, but had a dream of angels climbing a ladder between Bath and heaven. As a result of the dream, instead of rebuilding the church, he built the Abbey and memorialized his divine dream on its front.
The mousse in this is to die for-really-it is one of those things that you taste, then taste again and again and decide you better quit tasting or there won't be any left for the recipe itself. It is definitely a mousse recipe I will keep with my "favorite recipes".
I have a confession to make. It was Fall 2008 and I couldn’t run to the corner of my street without getting winded. I was in my 30s, the mother of two, with a successful career. I wasn’t particularly out of shape. I have been in good health most of my life. But I couldn’t run to the corner. And that bugged me.
Hosted by the inaccurately named Cedric The Entertainer this primetime game show found contestants being asked the questions ‘it’s worth what?!’ in a variety of different ways over the course of an hour. Taking place in a giant warehouse filled with all sorts of CRAZY objects and AMAZING junk It’s Worth What? was a loud, bloated final round of The Price Is Right only with more stuffed horses and forced catchphrases like the excruciating “are you sure sure?” We’re all sure sure we want you to stop now Cedric.
1 large onion
“Help me to your queen it pleaded weakly. I have a message from the northern burrow runs. You are in danger.”
SHORT TERM: monthly payrolls report disappoints, DOW -168
10) Before writing YA and children's books, I was known primarily as a writer of adult fiction. I recently released my first comedic novel for adults in over three years as an ebook, which you can find on Kindle, Nook, Apple and wherever ebooks are sold. It's called THE BRO-MAGNET and I hope you'll give it a read. You can sample the first 30 pages for free here: http://www.amazon.com/The-Bro-Magnet-ebook/dp/B006KYQ36U/ref=pd_rhf_dp_p_t_4#reader_B006KYQ36U. It's about an ultimate man's man named Johnny Smith who's been Best Man at eight weddings but what he secretly longs to be is a groom.
But Ireland’s neutrality during World War II was not uniform. On the one hand, various factions aided and abetted the Nazis, out of hatred for the Sassenach. On the other hand, Irish youth who longed for glory crossed the Irish Sea and joined the RAF.
It was quite large and central and served both sides, with a dram shop hatch in the centre facing the door. Something about it reminded me of the one at the Commercial in Wheelock, or in some of the Holts houses in Manchester. I have no idea if this is an original bar structure but I would like to go back and see it from the bar room to perhaps get a clearer idea.
What kind of research did you do for the poems, and how much is fact and how much is fiction?
I'm gonna love you, like nobody's loved you
Thanks for the thought-provoking prompt, Little Red Reviewer!
It was thought Rodriguez, who died in 1995 at the age of 74, scored 235 official goals for Barcelona, but that figure has now been revised to 232 following a study by the club and La Vanguardia newspaper.
Create tacos with your favorite toppings.
Anyways, school has been pretty crazy, and I’ve been working my tail off to get projects and papers done last minute. Add in massive procrastination and you’ve got me; a stressed-out college kid.
There's so much going on in this picture - the children's dilemma, the fabric of the woman's dress, the incidental action outside of the rectangle of the phone booth and the strange way it breaks up the picture, the intersecting lines of color, the abstract texture of the sidewalk, and of course above all the humor of the situation. Now that's a picture!
Green Man at Ashbourne, catching up with old friends, one of whom is not well, J hadnt seen them for 4 years and we are old skiing mates so lots to catch up on.
The fourth joyful mystery is the Presentation, Recounted in the second chapter of Luke’s Gospel, Mary and Joseph took the infant Jesus to the Temple, in accordance with the Mosaic Law. Yet the joy of the Presentation is tempered by the encounter with Simeon: “This child is destined to cause the falling and rising of many in Israel, and to be a sign that will be spoken against, so that the thoughts of many hearts will be revealed. And a sword will pierce your own soul too.” (Luke 2:34-35) This is the first of Mary’s seven sorrows.
Johnny Budden aka "Sticky" who is about to set off on a 1000 mile journey (actually 1300 miles) from John O'Groats to Paris using parkour -
Beauty breaks down, beauty cries
But after looking at it, I decided that I didn't like the drawers in that spot, so I took them all out again and started over. I put two stacks of three drawers side by side on the floor of the closet once I realized that doing so wouldn't hinder the hanging stuff at all. That left a small square-ish area in the back left corner. I took a chance and tried the stack of two drawers that came from our bedroom to see if they would fit and they did.
SYLVIA- "What happened?"
decrepit nature of property, and floods. This grant would help us rebuild the area and put this
But I do want to know how come some of those priests, monks, religious sisters who take a vow of poverty surround themselves with comfortable living conditions when the poor suffer outside the walls of their “castles.” I can’t figure this because, these monks or priests are the preachers who explain the story of the rich man who went away sad.
“Before you answer,” Ariela held up her left hand as her right dangled by her side, knife at the ready, “you should know two things. First, I’ll remind you that lies will result in pain for your daughter. And I can tell when someone is lying. Second, I think you and your family were sent here to probe our defenses and reconnoiter our strengths and weaknesses. You may be doing so under duress – perhaps someone else has threatened you or your children and that’s why you’re doing it – or you may be in league with the other attackers. I don’t really care which. I just need to know if I’m right or wrong.”
So when Dave the PM you didn't quite elect announces he is going to put a stop to the health and safety culture one gets the feeling he is reaching out to the Daily Mail who can't even say the phrase without mocking it.
4. Come over about 2 in the afternoon, hold the baby while I have a hot shower, put me to bed with the baby and then fold all the piles of laundry that have been dumped on the couch, beds or in the room corners. If there’s no laundry to fold yet, do some.
Throughout the month of May, each of us will be posting a blog giving our personal tips for and experiences with blogging, as well as publicizing and encouraging new bloggers as you start to get your feet wet.
When I began working at Grameen Foundation in August 2009, I was new to microfinance and was excited about becoming an expert in loan administration, portfolio management, social performance, livelihood developments — themes that had always grabbed my attention. One can imagine my surprise when after six months on the job, I realized I was quickly becoming an expert in Colombian labor law, tax liabilities and government requirements instead!
The motion concludes that Dr. Meehan’s testimony would impeach the myriad, mutually contradictory, versions of events presented by the accuser (most or all of which appear to have claimed no sexual contact for a week prior to the party). Moreover, the defense motion states Meehan would be expected to discuss the rationale behind the decision he entered to with Nifong (a/k/a the “client”) to intentionally not report the exculpatory DNA evidence.
But, it's the self-doubting "me" . . . . . . the "me" that tells myself these people are out of my league,
Three years ago, almost by accident, I started this blog. My goodness, what a lot has happened since then. At first I wrote about movies I'd seen and then a lot about dancing tango.
That he shall render every glory up,
You can enter more than once. A winner will be chosen from the Random Drawing for week #5 challenge and will be announced Friday February 17th. This winner will win a Marianne Die. The winner will also be entered in the end of the year $100 gift certificate drawing.
Fresh, chopped tomato (totally optional)
P.O.Box 80
While it´s true that Spain is home to some of the most acclaimed fashion designers, designers such as Manolo Blahnik, Cristobal Balenciaga and Paco Robanne, Spanish people care more about the quality of clothes than the designer. Brands such as Zara, Mango, Cortefiel, Adolfo Dominguez and Massimo Dutti provide quality at affordable prices and prove to be very popular with this fashion conscious culture.
All proceeds from the 2 hour documentary feature film, photographic book and world music album produced by Grammy Award Winner Imogen Heap will be donated to charities supporting the 8 UN developmental Goals including WWF, The Hunger Project, Save The Children and Hamlin Fistula.
To draw a baby raper prophet, and makes a fatwa
Southbound. California Highway 1, along that spectacular piece of our planet called Big Sur. This particular February day was sunny with some ocean haze screening really good looks at Grey Whales migrating just off-shore. We stopped frequently to admire vistas, examine flora, search for geocaches and, of course, look at birds. Raptors can abound along the steep slopes bordering the eastern side of the road, and that day we saw numerous Red-tailed Hawks of various color morphs. There were Kestrels, a few Cooper's Hawks and a Sharpie. But we kept our eyes on the high ridges, scanning for The Prize of the Day. We'd had reports that three California Condors were being frequently seen along a particular stretch of Route 1, soaring just above the ridges. Every once in a while a distant Turkey Vulture would cause our hearts to skip a beat, but as the day wore on, we began to think we weren't going to be lucky Condor-spotters.
From chapter 2, “I want to assure you with all earnestness, that no writing is a waste of time, – no creative work where the feelings, the imagination, the intelligence must work. With every sentence you write, you have learned something. It has done you good. It has stretched your understanding. I know that. Even if I knew for certain that I would never have anything published again, and would never make another cent from it. I would still keep on writing.”
If you are serious in learning electromagnetics subject then spend some time in reading the downloadable chapters and attending the free online tuitions. Without spending some time, in reading the downloadable chapters and attending the online lectures, it is not possible for the reader to understand why it is claimed, electromagnetics has been simplified in this blog. If you are interested in passing your electromagnetics exams better take some time in reading the chapters and attending the online lectures. Understanding electromagnetics is important, if you want grasp the fundamentals of other topics like Antennas, Fiber optic communication, Radars, Transmission lines etc which will be taught in your future semesters in your degree. Complete understanding of electromagnetics for the student will be ensured and you will love the electromagnetics paper instead of feeling it tedious, if you go through the blog seriously.
Disease of one kind or another is a frequent cause of mortality in marine mammal populations, but highly infectious disease organisms (particularly viruses) can cause the death of large numbers of animals in a very short period. An influenza virus probably caused die death of at least 450 harbor seals (Phoca vitulina) along die New England coast of the United States in 1979-1980. The family of viruses that is most often associated widi disease-induced die-offs, however, is the morbilliviruses. Measles is the most familiar virus in this family. Canine distemper virus (probably contracted from domestic dogs or farmed mink) caused the death of several thousand Baikal seals (Pusa sibirica) in the Russian Federation in 1987-1988. The closely related phocine distemper virus caused the death of 18,000 harbor seals in the North Sea during 1988, and a dolphin morbillivirus caused the death of several thousand striped dolphins (Stenella coendeoalba) in the Mediterranean Sea between 1990 and 1992. The death of more than 740 bottlenose dolphins (Tursiops tnmcatus) along the Atlantic coast of die United States in 1987 was initially attributed to poisoning by algal toxins (see later), but more recent evidence suggests that this was also caused by dolphin morbillivirus. Morbilliviruses tend to suppress dieir host’s immune system, thus increasing the risk of secondary infection by a wide range of disease agents. These secondary infections are often the final cause of death for an individual infected with a morbillivirus, which can make it difficult to diagnose the real cause of a die-off.
In closing, when asked what she thought were the primary success factors for creating Canfest, Constance noted the importance of grassroots marketing (fliers, posters, pre-events, reaching out to fraternities on campus), key partnerships (The Reno Bike Project), social media as a marketing tool (i.e. initiating a beer blogger contest that offered an all-expense paid trip to Reno for craft beer bloggers who wrote a post about the event), and teamwork (having a strong team in place to plan and execute an event).
The question, “Who can send a message to Garcia?” become synonymous with being resourceful and having integrity to do one’s job without dissolving into a puddle of helplessness. Hubbard stated later, “The hero is the man who does his work – who carries the Message to Garcia.”
it isn’t. and saying that it’s acceptable to restrict to that few calories, or publicly wear a feeding tube as a socially acceptable means of losing weight, is all but saying that it’s okay to have anorexia, that refusing meals is a desirable trait, and essentially deters those people in recovery who see these people from actually following their meal plans. why is it okay not to eat real food? IT ISN’T. plus, having a tube isn’t exactly a pleasurable experience for those who have one. it’s a medical liability to those who have it, and when it isn’t medically called for, i honestly don’t understand why anyone would want to have that. this is a fad that i hope ceases IMMEDIATELY, as it is certainly cause for an uproar. i pity the women who are so desperate that they would think that getting a tube would be a good idea. but for the doctors who have sanctioned this practice? that, to me, is absolutely inexcusable.
OK, next bit of news...
Now if you'll excuse me I have to go give more money to President Obama's reelection campaign.
Everyone was suited up and headed towards the van,and Cookie decided to play the “I can’t find it game”
Glinn tells Lloyd the EES will do it on two conditions: a hundred-and-fifty million maneuverability clause and a dead man’s switch. He hires Captain Britton to command the freighter who is having custody issues due to a previous intoxication on the job.
Price: Free!
I just wish I could reach out and touch you again.
For anyone else that had a rough day lately, let's agree to not let yesterday take up too much of our time, and let's make today better.
3. Brand Name / Market Presence:
Every family answerability hatch their own satay. Serve satay at your potluck, picnic, bbq assembly, family gathering, etc. Prerogative this lens, I would equivalent to share my satay recipes. Authentic ' s flawless for grilling on torrid summer interval. Share these satay recipes cloak family and friends. Like.
Tang hoon is a type of noodle that is very suitable to be used as a vegetarian replacement for shark fin. You must soak tang hoon(glass noodle) in room temperature until it become soft before using it. For some natural sweetness I use corn and carrots to make the stock.
And I've been scrapping up a storm too... although I can't show anything just yet.
I have to admit, when you show up for work it’s easy to turn your attention first to all of the urgent tasks and demands for your time. Strategic thinking, on the other hand, is one of those activities you can let slide for a while (or so you think). It is “important” but not urgent (something you must deal with like a project gone awry or an irate partner).
Granted, pretty much every beer had a pleasing cheese counterpart to accompany it, so all were enjoyable. I think the ability to mix and match a little more for this gathering had something to do with that, and the fact that some people who aren't as, well, nerdy about this stuff as others were able to try some palate-changing pairings. Plus, it was a great day to just shoot the shit and talk about the beverage in our glasses. All in all, it was a success, and we look forward to putting on more of these in the near future.
Christie:
And then I saw Jaws and all of a sudden being further into the ocean than where I could stand was unacceptable. Totally ridiculous of course.
Less than half — 47 percent — of young un’s will actually break up with someone face to face, versus the 74 percent of those of us willing to do it in the same room, maybe better prepared to handle whatever emotional mayhem may ensue.
This is my first attempt at skirt layering, and personally I think it went pretty well. It was a bit bulky, but the dress sat much better on top of the skirt. Not only does it look good, but I was really surprised by how much warmer it was. I didn't thing that simply adding a skirt would change anything, but it really did. Now I can't wait till I get home to my full skirt collection!
There is a linkage between U.S. foreign and immigration policy that is detrimental to our interest (check out the connection between the Rockefellers and the American foreign policy establishment through organizations like the Council on Foreign Relations and the Trilateral Commission), the systematic robbery of the American people by Wall Street bankers through the Federal Reserve Bank, and the bankrupting of the federal and state governments. This linkage betrays an agenda that seeks a global concentration of power and wealth. These linkages are public record and are easily verifiable.
My year, unfortunately, started with the passing of my Grandma. She was a wonderful woman who lived to tell the tale of having 13, yes, 13 kids! I lost count of all the grand kids. I will be flying to Montana this weekend for her funeral. I will miss her dearly.
Xandra’s weaknesses: She’s stubborn and persistent.
The inside acetate boxes were:
I think Michelle Obama knows that she'd damned if she does, and damned if she doesn't, so she's decided to be herself. That honesty is the only way they can take the battle to the people and possibly succeed. For me, her ' Midwestern Sensibilities' are what I appreciate most about her. If she didn't remind me of so many of my "Sistafriends" in her manner and the way that she carries herself, I think I'd have issues with her and Barack Obama.
Case in point: Dead City Radio, a 1990 release of recordings Burroughs made in the late 80's. Backed by a range of composers and performers including John Cale, Sonic Youth, Lenny Pickett, Donald Fagan and others, the soundscapes here range from jaunty 50's-nuclear-family cheeriness to groaning guitar feedback, all topped off by Burroughs' creaking, raspy monotone. We are treated to all manner of morbid weirdness: Excerpts about the Mugwumps from Naked Lunch, WSB reading from The Bible, pieces from his short story collection Tornado Alley, even a strangely touching piano-and-voice version of him slurring out the old standby "Falling In Love Again".... In German.
at me, is it foolish, shameful, arrogant to say this,
as you stumble through the forest of signs?
(If you decided to prep this in advance, refrigerate the mixture at this point until ready to continue.)
So, with 10 solid years under our belt, the beginnings of baby mode, and the fact that I wasn’t getting any younger, it was time to plan a wedding.
The Kelantan MP pointed out BN is adept at using all forms of persuasion, to attract PR elected representatives to quit the Opposition coalition. It practices no-holds barred sewer politics as Umno has shown recently by the latest video sleaze attack on Anwar Ibrahim. This is because Umno is very fearful of Anwar as Anwar is the one who holds PR together.
The episode starts with a mysterious full moon and a black cat walking on the roof. It’s set on the Joseon era where a eunuch runs like there’s no tomorrow. If it isn’t a bad omen then I don’t what is.
03. Axegrinder
now there are days when it swells in her heart
It's that young boy I look for in the playground- the playground that is still there despite the fact you need a key to get in now. Why?
My other friend’s loss happened at the other extreme. She lost her elderly mother after a decade of slow, horrendous decline. In fact, her slide had taken so long that when she finally…finally!…began actively dying it was hard to get her doctor to believe it. In the end she was only transferred over to hospice care a scant three days before she died and this made my other friend sad. She would have liked the extra time necessary for everyone to gather and say their good-byes, to turn their familial head downward toward the birthing canal, preparing for their transition into the next world without her.
So the novel is about that big misunderstanding...and about his fears of losing someone he loves--like his grandfather, like his father--to death.
There are 500 days from Lammas this year to the 10-day prelude to solstitial union with galactic center: on 12:12:12 we shall either have completed planetary ascension or we will know our work has been in vain. I prefer to think we shall complete the program — that we as a species are destined to rise to the challenge facing us.
Finally, wages did not hold up well at Black-owned companies. Black-owned firms dropped average wages by 3 percent in real terms to $22,584 (in 2002 dollars), while White-owned firms increased them by 2.1 percent to $30,298 (in 2002 dollars).
UK Publisher: Sony/ATV Music Publishing
Well. I liked the results, I really did, but something was bothering me about it. I guess since one blue wall wasn't really m<U+FEFF>y initial vision, I was having a hard time with it flowing with the rest of my plans. Our neutral walls were now looking really yellow and it was beginning to look very kindergarten classroom-ish, with our one blue wall, yellow-y looking other walls, and our bright red filing console on the other end of the room.
And time chases you into that abyss of nothingness
1-800-SUICIDE
The grass and leaves outside
Carolina conservatives are
to be ever yearned,
Now it could be that the private, girlfriend-seeking Barack Obama is just a very different man from the public speaker; apparently Nixon was that way (as Cassandra recently pointed out). Still, Nixon was also a lot less public as a public figure: the times allowed a President to be different in private than in public in a way that they don't seem to do now.
The fact is we are wimps. We are not cut our for such severity - and for us it is severe. We can go a decade with mild wet winters where the rail networks' only problem is 'leaves on track'. Then bam, It hits us. It hit us last winter and this winter it's just the same and suddenly we're all talking about snow chains, shovels and proper grippy boots.
Until recently I thought this was called "Tommy in seven Minutes," but I guess the real name is "D.U.M.B. rock Vol. 5," Live and learn I guess.
day four finds us wrung out after yesterday's emotional hurricane. for relief, we turn to brooklyn henson, the paramount's associate director of marketing and PR. will she provide it? well, don't put those hankies away just yet, gang. we start with herbert ross' steel magnolias (1989).
Me: Okay, there you go, kiddo. Two piggie tails coming out the top, just like you ordered.
The mark of a true writer though, is that they don’t let these kinds of things get to them. They press on, and refuse to bow down to defeat. Writers are by nature fighters, and they won’t go quietly into that good night.
Au Revoir, Les Enfants directed by Louis Malle
Founder and Editor
I've attempted to dress her in Christmas colors to match the Little Yellow Bicycle Christmas Magic Collection patterned paper. A bit of Copic's atyou Spica in Garnet helps to frame my card with faux stitching.
And yet, life always has a card up its sleeve.
GINGRICH: What?
They determine economic policy, despite the catastrophic failures their policies have produced and continue to produce.
Along for the ride is Sene, Exile, DJ Babu, Kan Kick, Trek Life and Blu as GODleeBarnes producing a completely nuts joint that features Fashawn guest rhyming...
Romney won in Nevada. I did see that. The Suns finally won a basketball game after about 8 losses in a row. I hear these things second hand. I didn't witness them personally. I was out for the count by then.
Are we under the duel pressure of being” sandwich generation” raising young children and caring for old parents?
When Moses descended the mountain and saw first-hand the revelry of the Israelites, he broke the two tablets on which God had written the Ten Commandments, tore down the calf- idol and burned it in a fire, pulverized the gold into dust which he scattered on the water and made the people drink it.
Sometimes it's not that a book was bad. Sometimes it's not that a book wasn't original, or that I didn't click with the characters, or that the writing wasn't quite stellar enough. Sometimes it's not any of those things: sometimes it's just that I'm the wrong reader for a particular story, and I think that's exactly what happened with Sweet Venom.
Higher still the waters rose and the woman was now forced to climb onto the roof of her house ,where she watched the torrent of water rising even further. Suddenly a helicopter appeared from out of the clouds and somebody threw down a rope ladder shouting..” quickly this is your last chance..climb aboard”. Refusing help yet again the woman knelt in prayer and told the pilot “No..NO ..god will save..me”.
Understanding that this tendency to judge in me, is an aspect of this consciousness that I have accepted as a separate being supports me in facing the relationships that I have made from it and in looking at them straight on, and so in taking responsibility for all of these relationships of judgement I have made I can walk through self forgiveness.
a kind of bird, a feathered thing --
desire armed insurrectionary action
I suppose I’m doomed to serve as an example to youth that Crepes are the true ‘gateway drug’.
1. The Mexican War resulted in all of the following EXCEPT:
It’s really quite incredible how simply referencing something from someone’s past can have such a powerful effect – and it’s not just games that play on this, as nostalgia is used and abused in many aspects of modern society. Television channels like GOLD exist purely to broadcast constant re-runs of much-loved shows from yesteryear, and retro fashion is becoming ever more popular. Heck, at times, it’s probably even considered more ‘hip’ to look old fashioned than it is to be wearing the latest trends (I’m totally down with the kids, me). And let’s not forget that advertising takes advantage of nostalgia all the time – notable examples being the recent return of the Tetley tea folk, that absolutely insane Müller advert with all the Mr Men and Hanna-Barbera characters (seriously, what were they smoking when they made that?), and one of the biggest culprits of all, the infamous Coke advert that plays on our small screens every single year in the run up to Christmas (which I expect we’ll be seeing again very soon!). All of this begs the question – why do we have such a fondness for things from the past?
We are so proud of him and all that he has done this year! He has turned into an amazing reader and has started taking an interest in chapter books. He would never admit it, but singing is one of his favorite things to do. He has made so many new friends at school this year and has had an absolute blast going. I think he is still under the impression that school is just a time to get together and play with his buds and all that learning stuff is just something they do on the the side.
Just accession WordPress.com weblog
Kam "Why isn't it Mattie Mecham?" (That is his Dad's last name.)
return to your home, go about
But what if the problem is the model itself? Then no amount of tweaking will make the kinds of big differences people are hoping for.
And that’s as far as I’m planning ahead. Because we all know where plans go–down the toilet.
This year's distinguished faculty of professional performers, directors, composers, and master teachers includes pianists Margo Garrett, Graham Johnson, and Martin Katz; composers William Bolcom, Jake Heggie, Libby Larsen, and John Musto; and singers Amy Burton, Gwen Coleman Detwiler, Melanie Emelio, D’Anna Fortunato, Audrey Luna, Joan Morris, Lisa Saffer, William Sharp, and Frances Young.
And to the photographers at large
Pre marinade some chicken dices in sweet chilli (pref home made) and season with lemon juice, garlic and coriander. Leave for an hour or so and then cook.
Yikes! This is an outrageously offensive & misinformed post.
Also gone are the Pop-Tarts. He is now eating omelets and eggs of every kind, toast, and now and then a couple of pancakes.
And then I got mad at Emily Rapp because I felt, in some ridiculous and possibly imagined way, betrayed by her. I didn't think this was easy for her, but I thought that, while prenatal testing failed to supply her with information to make an appropriate decision, she does, after all, know what will happen to her child and she can state unequivocally that her child is suffering. I can't stand in for Robert and announce that he is suffering. Because I don't know that to be true. And she brought up the issue of quality of life, and I was angry that I thought she felt she could say who was suffering and who was not. I worried that if she was comfortable saying that about her child that other people would assume I would be comfortable saying the same about mine.
And those suites are on sale. Yesterday’s Sports Business Journal (subscription required, but there’s a summary on Nets Daily) reports that the Nets are selling suites to team sponsors and investors, with the sale open to the public around Labor Day. (Would the legal challenges be over by then?)
DIARY OF A PUNK (subtitled LIFE AND DEATH OF THE PAGANS) is a swel read. Sure, you get your share of distant-purple-majesty Cleveland scene history/gossip, first hand recollections of punk rock surfacing like a Plesiasaur from the brackish waters of the Cuyahoga, even the stats on all the releases for those of you scoring at home.
(my favorite it thing to ask my kids in retrospect, so they have the power and control to analyze their behavior, and the outcome of their choices made.”
“I think it was a very gutsy performance by the team and I would’ve preferred to be eating Michael Bloomberg’s special Long Island cheesecake, but I’m hoping he can enjoy the delicacy we know as a BeaverTail,” said Watson.
Sometimes an Eagle screaming in the sky, sometimes a Lion
In an interview with Cable News Network, the Unit head of the Proceeds of Corruption Unit of London’s Metropolitan Police, Detective Chief Inspector Jonathan Benton, gave the hint that some measures would be applied against corrupt Nigerian politicians in the wake of the Ibori conviction.
In 1999 I became a Stampin’ Up Demonstrator in order to get out of the house, you know, a little grown-up conversation? I adored learning and teaching all about stamping. A few years later I found myself in the position to leave the home and go back to work full time while my husband went back to college. Blessings come in crazy ways you know! Before I knew it I was working full-time as an Event Coordinator at the Stampin’ Up! home office here in Riverton, Utah. My job blossomed into a Concept Artist for that team. Soon the actual Art Department approached me and felt like I’d be a good fit. Greatest job ever. Stamping with new products all day long, everything in their catalog at my fingertips. Fun days!
Hedonism and Vanity: the sunbathers.
The end breaks my heart How's this for a line? "I can survive on memories..."
01/30/2012 BUY 0.01 usdjpy 76.310 02/07/2012 76.779 +6.11
Our next doctor's appointment is on Wednesday, and I'm looking forward to see how much you've grown and making sure that you're on track. It's so comforting to know that each week you get bigger and more likely to be strong enough to survive if something happens and you decide to come early.
but they won't fit because of the raised faucet.
Good evening folks. Since I started this blog for marketing class, I thought it would be good to do a blog about this subject. I want to talk about the kind of advertising and marketing that influences me.
Today is the last Music Monday before the Third Day concert! I am so excited about the concert and getting to meet the band before the concert.
¨ Cindy Jones
says you could be here once again
The Rocco revival style of art emerged in the 18th century as artists put aside their desires for equally balanced decorations and, instead, focused on more fluid and colorful patterns of decoration. The artisans employed by Carl Schumann porcelain focused on creating lines of dinnerware with lots of brightly colored fruit, flowers and nuts These decorations were offset by the milky white, almost translucence of the high quality porcelain that the factory used.
(me:green, bossman:white)
So smiley and sweet
Initial sketch, front view:
And as everyone at the meeting shifted down into writing or drawing as a means of expressing the grief present for them, I froze. Images of Lily alone in her shining land seared into my mind...I could draw that...images of me alone and unable to reach her...I could draw that..but you know, I couldn't. I knew that the meeting ended in the not too distant future, and I just couldn't dive into that huge well of pain and emotion and then drag myself out again and drive home. Maybe I should've, but I didn't . I ran out in a rather sudden and dramatic way.
Ages 2 years and up.
Thank you so much to:
This year I have decided to do my best to practice the KISS method of holiday preparations.
Yellow pearls Kaiser craft
Murphy: the liberal versions of Rush Limbaugh
Each mom at the Mother’s Day tea received a yellow bicycle key chain attached to a thank you card for all their wonderfully important work. How sweet is that? I adore Victoria's dainty take on our favor board concept. I also love the diy stencil bike design for the cake which she used from this freezer stencil technique.
Questions/thoughts I have....I've been thinking about how much I love being a wife and mother. The whole deal of family, children, husbands, and wives truly is a wonderful gift given us by God to bring untold happiness and everlasting blessings. And on the flip side, I am saddened by those who choose not to enter into the holy state of marriage but rather prefer to enter relationships not ordained by God from as long ago as The Garden of Eden. Oh, how much they miss.
But at the same time many people claim not merely to have seen them, but to have contracted beings in them and been kidnapped or ridden with them. If one reads a few descriptions of such contacts (this is what is called “Close Encounters of the Third Kind”), reads contemporary science-fiction or sees some of today’s movies, one gets a strange feeling: here are described strange beings, some of them almost human but much more “advanced,” able to do extraordinary things like turning sticks into swords, causing themselves and others to disappear, assuming different shapes at will, flying through the air, probing into the mind, or creating whole imaginary scenes before one’s eyes. Perhaps for modern man this is all “fairy tales,” but for an Orthodox Christian the phenomena which appear in these very popular literary and artistic forms are very familiar – most of them can be found in the Lives of Saints and are often a very realistic description of the way demons act.
Despite having filed a complaint with every single member of the Ohio legislature, Attorney General, Secretary of State and Governor BEFORE enforcement rules were finalized in April of 2007, and notwithstanding an amended complaint being filed in November 2009 that disclosed even more detail surrounding the fraud and highly questionable procedures undertaken to ensure that the "Smoke Free Work Place Act" would appear on the November 2006 ballot, NO formal investigation has been announced to date, or at the very least, no investigation has been made known in the main stream media regarding the allegations charged in those complaints.
MYLUNE: The very very bestest of furry flappy friends! It’s just so beautiful!
Less than a week after the boys left, mom came to visit for a week. And the day before she arrived, the humidity arrived. Talk about bad timing. In all the time I was there, the period of humidity was the longest when mom was there.
He also went on to say “In my opinion the current contractual arrangements between the DWP and General Practice are unsustainable. The WCA as performed by Atos is not effective or a safe method of determining “Fitness To Work” and this must be addressed.”
4 tbh thick coconut cream/milk
Finish Pimpelliese, knit the Westknit’s Mystery Shawl, keeping up with clues as published, clue 1 posted and finished yesterday
And the next day....
Thanks to my friend Joei the class on Saturday went fairly well. The classroom was nice, with big windows on three sides, lots of tables, and two sinks.
my memories of gymnastics will unfortunately always be coloured by this girl.
Well, they are a bunch of twonks, aren’t they? Cameron, with his non-existent veto of something he couldn’t have had a veto over because there was nothing to veto. And in the fabulous house of commons he never used the word veto, did he? No, because by doing so would be a lie. And they don’t like that.
The lights dimmed, and the crowd started getting pumped up for the show. The actors start with their dialogue.
I also went to visit my Dad in hospital. I hate hospitals. It was hard sometimes as Dad was at times confused and when we took him for a walk out of the hospital it wasn’t until we were heading back that we realised he’d put his slippers on and not his shoes. So there he was walking in the rain in his slippers.
Collective responsibility in any democratic society is borne by all citizens. Citizens are obliged to be informed about the issues affecting their society, their country. Political leaders are voted into office by the citizenry, they are therefore “popular representatives”, and in any democracy, through the power of the vote, the people, and civil society, have the ability to send them home if they disagree with the way that they govern the country. It is difficult, therefore, for the people to evade the collective responsibility that they allowed the country to be governed by two political parties, which had the support of the vast majority of the electoral body, resulting in the economic and moral meltdown of today. In fact, one can argue quite credibly that the moral bankruptcy preceded the economic bankruptcy in Greece.
Nobody knows, but
You have to work at it to make it work. Don’t step into it too quickly, give yourself enough time to gather all the ingredients you’re going to need, to make sure. To ensure that you’re on the right page of the book.
The scenes with the young actors are really nice with some great dialogue and lot of humour. The adult characters are a bit more thinly drawn and other than Jackson we don’t really get to see them do very much, other than get in way. The military are the bad guys with secrets they are willing to kill to keep which is typical in a lot of 80s films involving aliens that this film is an homage to. There were lots of nice touches that fixed the film in the late 1970s such as the film technology the boys used, the Super 8 film
See the Father’s day
Salt, pepper, or other spices
Kashmir
While I am still conflicted at times, I do realize that being home with them all the time gives me a really unique perspective. Raising little girls is difficult. I am first hand witness as they interact in different situations with a different types of people. I am trying to help navigate the world with them. They come in contact with a variety of messages throughout the day both from me and from their environment- media, peers, television. All these things play a part in molding their personalities.
$2501 - $5000 = 14%
Worn by ‘Roslyn’ in The Misfits. Roslyn wears this dress to go for a day at the rodeo. The dress has a wide V neck line on the front and back. Straps are ruched on the shoulders and have a bow. The original dress has pleating at the waistband but we didn’t think this looked nice in rubber so left it plain.
Lynn's Place - 16
Fly agaric is found across the northern hemisphere and has long been used by mankind for its psychotropic properties. But its use can be dangerous because it also contains toxic substances. Reindeer seem to metabolise these toxic elements without harm, while the main psychoactive constituents remain unmetabolised and are excreted in the urine. Reindeer herders in Europe and Asia long ago learnt to collect the reindeer urine for use as a comparatively safe source of the hallucinogen.
The storm started with a few innocent looking flurries around 11:00 am on Saturday. My parents were in town to visit for the weekend and, deciding that being outside wasn't the best option, we packed up and headed to the mall. Not a problem getting there but, when we emerged from the parking garage three hours later and made our way out of the mall lots and to the highway we were plunged into what felt like an instant time warp. It looked like January!
11-20 Saskatoon, Saskatchewan - Credit Union Centre
"Oh. There You are..."
I have nothing against cell phones. What I have a problem with is the incivility they create and the total aspect of sheer rudeness that results. It's bad enough that people yak non-stop on them in their cars, but hey, at least we don't have to listen to them.
whinge or kvetsh (Yiddish, Yinglish), or whine. See Australian gag at time of high immigration from the UK: 'How do you know that the plane on the runway is full of Poms?' 'The whining goes on after the engine's been switched off.' (Brits were famous in Australia for moaning about everything. Well, it is bloody hot. Oh, now I've done it.). At some point in 1994 parents stopped saying to their children, 'Don't moan' and started saying, 'Don't whinge'. A law must have been passed on it.
Nowadays Buenos Aires is a very expensive place to live. The only thing that is more reasonable here than my home town of Los Angeles is housing, but due to California's recent economic problems, even that is changing. But oh yes, tango shoes are still a steal!
I have a philosophy that’s very simple; it’s ‘I don’t play if I can’t win’. I was raised in a competitive household where there are literally no prizes for sitting in the corner. I realised early on in life that being a supporting actress in your own life is not going to get you anywhere. You have to pretend you’re Audrey Hepburn even if you feel like Rosa Klebb. It’s for this reason that I never got into sports at school. Actually this is not the reason; I was emotionally scarred because I was teased by all the boys who could hop faster than I could run. I used to run around hurdles instead of jumping over them and I’d bust open a bottle of Moet when I made it into the long jump pit. I was that girl.
Our first snorkel trip is smack in the middle of the sea. The water is so clear and blue. There is not so many fish, but the large swathes of coral are vibrant and the visibility here is phenomenal. Another trip takes us to an uninhabited beach with decent snorkeling out 100 yards. But actually we find the best snorkeling around Kadidiri to be right off of the beach near the hotels. Just a few meters from the shore the reefs are teeming with life and color. Butterfly fish, fox face fish, parrot fish, to name a few. Mika sees two lionfish while I get hissed at by a black and white moray eel. All just a few steps and swim strokes from our cabana.
that the best bit is the first bit and the last bit. In between the
There follow some fascinating glimpses of life in the NHS:
Walk to and from work.
"We've come up with a method to start answering scientific questions about how people make decisions involving sacred values, and that has major implications if you want to better understand what influences human behavior across countries and cultures," Berns says. "We are seeing how fundamental cultural values are represented in the brain."
At night 11pm Rebecca and sicko both meets at the restaurant for dinner.
High fives all around…
Vader: Again, no one consults me on these things. So, are we done here? looks over to Girl Scouts
One of the trends I've been seeing lately is printing things out at home, instead of buying them ready made at the store. Most printers today have settings to allow for ink-saving, therefore printing at home has become much more cost-effective than it used to be. Lately, I've been finding a lot of printables on Pinterest (duh).
Again, I do not mean God as a particular linguistic ideal either, like loving or wise or old and white-bearded like Santa Zeus. No, I mean God as the indescribable, the one word that we know is beyond regular words, the ineffable, the mysterious, the great unknown (uncontainable) that is so far beyond our capacity for language that we can conceptually accept only that it is absolutely beyond our understanding, beyond “what we know that we don’t know.” We have no idea what the word God means, and, in the one exceptional case of this particular word, we actually might just even admit it!
Sorry the pic is blurry, zoom isn't the greatest. I was disappointed in these feet. The fronts where shod and looked long too.
Hello my sweet stamping friends! If you are here visiting me to see what this weeks Shining the Light Challenge over at Our Daily Bread Designs is, you are in the right place!
On September 29, I was hit by a car while walking through a parking lot.
Evaluate the plumbing components inside the home: I inspect all of the interior plumbing fixtures for proper connections. I also make sure all the waste lines are properly discharging into an approved waste system. Dye is intruduced into the waste water system and over the following weeks may be tracked through its disposal stream. Water treatment systems (softeners) can be harmful to septic systems and I evaluate where the discharge of these systems go.
Rosemarie DeWitt (actor- Rachel Getting Married)
We just got in a few hours ago, and I'm pretty beat. But just wanted to say that this last week spent traipsing across the western portions of the Caribbean was a blast! Lisa and I had tons of fun, tons of sun . . . and tons of FOOD! Oink, oink!
Jeannie graciously agreed to answer some questions for all of us here at What’s for Lunch? and I’ll be running her answers all week. Please come back the rest of the week for more!
I know plenty will be against this move, but the best part of it is it really will be down to the choice of the individual woman, in consultation with her doctor.
Let us say, for the sake of argument, that the IEA gets funding from cigarette manufacturers. Are we to assume that Littlewood - an enthusiastic smoker and a keen libertarian - would otherwise be vehemently anti-smoking? He was saying the same thing when he worked for the Lib Dems. And Liberty. And when he co-founded No2ID and Liberal Vision. Spot a civil liberties theme emerging here? Are they in the pay of Philip Morris as well? Or maybe - just maybe - his opinions have been formed by studying the evidence and reaching his own conclusion.
(but we missed the boys, of course!)
The new restriction came in at the weekend, with customers being told the theft rate was so high that goods would no longer be delivered unless they paid a priority shipping rate of $39,99 per order and an incremental $9,99 for each extra item.
“Of course, of course,” he answered (he seemed to be averting the topic), “But surely you need to talk to the witnesses first?”
(served with ice cold vodka)
“Aaakkhh…”Junsu whimpered
Raban.: The multitude being hungry, He creates no new viands, but having taken what the disciples had, He gave thanks. In like manner when He came in the flesh, He preached no other things than what had been foretold, but shewed that the writings of the Law and the Prophets were big with mysteries.
For good measure these courses will also teach us how to carry out the risk assessments required to put up tables for a street market.
We, naturally, had class on Valentine's Day and Jarred had a late meeting; however, he still came home with chocolate and a homemade card (the best!) and we had dinner together at one of our favorite restaurants.
If you saw 'em all this'll make a good toothpick, but the rest of us lumpen proles need something a lot different, like a big book with lotsa shiny pix and large print and solid descriptions/appreciations. Since that moment has long gone all we're gonna get are textbook lessons and rheumy reminiscences, which might do a lotta good for Jill Johnson if she hasn't dyked herself outta existence but does practually nada for curious cubes like myself!
Julian helps us understand God in feminine terms as well with her many references to Jesus as the suckling mother who cares for his children: “The mother may give her child suck of her milk, but our precious Mother Jesus feeds us with himself” (chapter 60).
- MAPS (Q103)
Everything so crisp in the crisper, so beautifully faced and edged on those sparkling shelves.
While Occupy and labor unions protested against income and wealth inequities engineered by governments across the globe, CEO’s in the United States received 15% pay increases for pushing down wages and benefits, shipping jobs overseas, tanking the economy, and generally mismanaging their corporations.
we're having an open house at my local Michael's on March 3rd, 1pm-3pm. you can come in and meet the instructors, get info on the classes they offer, and sign up for them at a discounted price! check your local store, this will be a nation-wide thing!
And even though we're not looking to sell our house right now (obviously), I still found the article interesting because we are working to update our home to fit our lifestyle and we want to get the biggest bang for our buck when it comes to these updates! Plus, we want to be prepared for the future when/if we have to sell, and so appealing to the most people is the way to go.
Weekend: Environmental Awareness (Being aware of your own environment — a time to take care of yourself and your needs. You’ve got to go inside and be honest with yourself this week.)
Half moons with one of my favourite colors: China Glaze Jolly Holly from last year's Christmas collection.
No Brikins bags; no precious diamonds (though these are every girl’s cherished dreams); no one-kilo pearl necklaces; no expansive holidays – in fact no holidays even really; no Honorary Doctorate issues; no credit card spending sprees. None.
when I got there she let me know everything was perfect. and as it should be.
The 16-year-old’s body was wrapped in a traditional rug and returned to her mother’s house. Her relatives are suspected of killing her in the name of family honor.
Adrien peeled himself off the wall and stood next to him holding his backpack tightly. The man told Adrien to put it on the table, he complied.
#11) Free champagne / scotch tastings
Too much fun and I'm only half way done.
'I don't know,' she replied. 'Young people nowadays are never satisfied; they always want more and more. They want everything that folk have overseas...you all demand so much from life - you're never satisfied. In the old days, a poor man was content if he had something to eat and a roof over his head. Nowadays everything has to be so high-and-mighty. Everything you set your minds on, you have to have, whether you can afford it or not...And everyone's up to their eyebrows in debt...A fat lot of use it is having schools and books and I don't know what! In the old days we used to be a lot more reasonable.'
Schreiber's book is loaded with color photos and each page is devoted to a different edible flower. Organized alphabetically, the book gives descriptions of how to grow, harvest and prepare each plant and also gives cautionary advice about some of their health impacts (i.e., don't consume chamomile if you are taking blood thinners). A recipe section at the back lists many scrumptious and unusual dishes that will appeal to all five senses, including Fresh Salsa with Pineapple and Nasturtiums, Watermelon and Feta Salad and Lemon Verbena Salmon.
No acknowledgment, so I would have stewed on it for a few minutes (again, it was really close) but I would have been over it by the time I sat through a traffic signal.
All her desires get sidelined, though, when she overhears two fellow students planning a church massacre. She doubts cops will follow up on her tip since they’re sick of her coming around with notions of possible crimes-in-the-works. And it’s not like she cries wolf. Not really. They’d be freaked too, but they’re not the ones suffering from bloody dreams that hint at disaster like some crazy, street guy forecasting the Apocalypse.
*We reserve the right to refuse any advertiser for any reason.
2 cups fresh lemon juice
<U+25CF> 14 million of the uninsured were eligible (but chose not) to enroll in government-sponsored health programs like Medicaid and SCHIP (State Children’s Health Insurance Program) (BlueCross Assoc.)
I know. We already have enough to worry about with climate change and oil and all that. But the global economy is a shit storm and our whole planet is pretty much suffocating. So what’s another huge threat to our existence, right?
If you’re discouraged and are experiencing issues finding the answers you need relating to your warts, we’ve found a great learning resource which will surely be able to help you find the options you need. It really is time for you to cope with your warts whether or not they’re simply planters warts on feet or some other type of wart anyplace on your body for good. It’s undoubtedly possible to get rid of warts from your daily life. For all wart details such as prevalent plantar wart treatment check out easyplantarwarttreatment.com.
- Father-in-law/ Father Too much involve in family matter.
A jungle of gargantuan booby holders with pert chested, petite assistants
1 Winner will be selected based on "Like" votes
I pay your wages
When a baby is reaching a developmental milestone, they often struggle sleeping and get a little fussy or moody. Yeah, my daughter takes that to a whole new level. Today, she was crabby after breakfast (her favorite food, bananas!!!) and wouldn't cheer up all day! We played, we nursed, we walked, we sang, we nursed, we showered, we played with the dogs, we nursed, we went to the mall, we nursed, we refused to eat dinner, we got ready for bed, we nursed, we went to bed, we woke up 45 minutes later, we nursed, we finally went to bed. WTF???
next up...ava's 1st birthday party!
The Pilot E-Gel has the best ink color, the best writing performance, and the best erasability, so I guess you could say it won the all-around competition. The eraser is located in the right sopt, unlike the FriXions, which goes a long way in my book. This pen writes the most like a regular pen.
The only other nugget I can offer is Kultura featured Polish punk mainstay Piotr Zyzelewicz who sadly passed away a couple of months back. If you’re not familiar with the name Zyzelewicz, he moonlighted with new-wavers Kryzyks and Voo Voo, supplied the ferocious backbeat for hardcore band Muskwa and even teamed up with Brummy dub poet Benjamin Zephaniah on one occasion.
MARY HEUSSENSTAMM
Can make one sail even through the worst storm!!!
We stand on the eve of Zimbabwe’s independence day commemorations and I cannot bring myself to embrace the celebratory mood that others seem to have. After all what is there to celebrate when the oppressed (under colonial rule) have become the oppressors (black Zimbabweans suppressing black Zimbabweans). Such freedom where others are more índependent’ than others leaves a bitter taste in my mouth.
I, ever the sugar fiend greedily tore into my ice cream as he, the refined European took to it like a scared bird. I learned to slow down--even if it just involved ice cream. And there we sat. Talking. Not talking. Just being. He did this a lot at home, he said. How mature! How European! Sign me up, please!
CR: No.
You’re spellbound by inaudibilities,
Welcome to the 3rd annual Mother of All Blog Hops sponsored by There She Goes Clears Stamps! Over the next two days, we (customers and trendsetters!) will be featuring some of our favorite There She Goes Clear Stamp sets! Not only that, we’re going to give YOU a chance to win some fabulous prizes!
The Swing Bridge was built by the Tyne Improvement Commission, under powers conferred by the Tyne Improvement Act of 1861, as part of their overall plan for improving navigation and expanding trade by opening the upper reaches of the river to larger vessels.
And then the guy emails, says it wasn't worth his time, and he wasn't interested in doing the job anymore. Yeah, he emailed that the night before he was supposed to get here. Great.
Of course times change; no longer are swarthy, “not-quite-white” Mediterranean types, clinging to Papist heresy, seen as beyond the pale by white evangelical Protestants.
But enough about me, I have my own blog to babble about myself. This is wallflowers blog so it’s not the place to talk about myself. But on the other side… Wallflower asked me to blog on her blog for her. So why can’t I talk a bit about myself right?
How sad and merrily!
At her worst, it was a $400-a-day drug addiction.
but the ghost haunts still, a happy spectre
It is alcohol based and you need to use it in a well ventilated area as the smell could become overwhelming.
- Some great information about cultural competence and other social justice issues that were raised at the Social Justice in Early Childhood conference at the start of June
First, the toll booths were creating heavy traffic on the Tetteh Quarshie and Motorway Circles so they were moved. Then electronic gates were introduced to eliminate fraud at the cash point and immediately, traffic conditions worsened, and now the new tolls didn't make it better. Has it occurred to anybody that the toll booths have outlived their usefulness on the motor way? The demarcation between Accra and Tema is long gone. It is not the fault of the average worker that Accra has escaped planning and we must live so far from the business district. It is enough punishment having to spend more on fuel and drive long distances , increasing our stress levels is a price too high for a nation as poor as Ghana. I couldn't believe it when the last government created more toll booths around Accra. I think our governments are just insensitive to our needs because we always turn out in our numbers to vote for non-performing leaders.
Here they are
Thursday-no workout.....recovering from the bachelor party!!
After waking up from the surgery to remove the bullet, Kevin realized that his career and his marriage were probably over. As they wheeled him into the recovery room, Sheila was waiting for him. The moment she saw him her heart hit the floor as she spoke. “Kevin, are you ok? Dr. Davis told me what happened and Baby. I’m so sorry. Is there anything I can do to make you feel better?” Before Kevin could speak a word, he saw a familiar couple walking into the recovery room. Tammy and Bobby Blair were standing in the doorway with flowers in hand, asking if Kevin was going to be ok. Kevin wasn’t sure if he was having a nightmare, or if he had simply lost his mind. “Why are you smilin’ like a goat in a briar patch?” Kevin asked. Bobby bent over and whispered into Kevin’s ear. “If you keep my secret, I’ll keep yours.” Kevin was relieved and distressed at the same time. He wanted to put Bobby in prison for shooting him, but he didn’t want Sheila to know what he had been doing when he was shot. He looked at Bobby and reluctantly said, “Deal!”
This bill comes from a law firm in Mississippi. One of the firm's clients is a big utility company, Entergy. And in Mississippi the Democratic attorney general has a three-year lawsuit going against Entergy. His question is whether Entergy manipulated prices and overcharged consumers. So this seems like the kind of case that could be reined in by the ALEC Attorney General Authority Act.
When I close my eyes what do I see myself doing - if I could control my own destiny, which I believe I have a part in...
Please make your project using something new, or a "NEW" themed project
-You can use more than one 20% off diaper coupon if the codes are different: some codes start with a YT and some codes start with a YJ. You can also use an additional 10 dollar coupon with the two 20 percent off coupons. If you manage to pull this one off you are really getting your purchase for free!
When I preach, I usually have 2-3 objectives which I try to hit, as there would be 2 or 3 different types of audiences in the church. 1 objective is always salvation, that is a default. The others revolve around what the Lord has to share from there.
But these shoes were so brand-y new and shiny and gorgeous that I did kind of want to steal them.
the darkness is upon me.
When performed properly and consistently, Kegels are usually helpful. The United States Agency for Health Care Policy and Research recommends that behavioral methods, including Kegels and biofeedback, be utilized to treat urinary incontinence before initiating drugs or surgery.
The drinks were too strong and I really didn't want the day to pass in an alcoholic haze so I sipped a bit then stopped.
2) Ah, the ole “out of Africa” hypothesis.
I know, we have been slacking. Sorry, very busy 'round these parts. But never fear, we plan to start rolling out some fresh new TEXAS GABF coverage later this month. The big news of the week is that (512) Brewery has postponed their third anniversary party. We are not the only staying busy. BA can be very informative—unofficial:
SPN has faced accusations before that it is little more than a coin-operated front for corporations. For instance, SPN and its affiliates receive money from polluters, including infamous petrochemical giant Koch Industries, allegedly in exchange for aggressive promotion of climate denial theories. But SPN’s conference had less to do with policy than with tactics. Kyle Olson, a Republican operative infamous in Michigan and other states for his confrontational attacks on unionized teachers, gave a presentation on labor reform in K-12 education. Stanford Swim, heir to a Utah-based investment fortune and head of a traditional-values foundation, ran a workshop at the conference on creating viral videos to advance the cause. He said policy papers wouldn’t work. Tell your scholars, “Sorry, this isn’t a white paper,” Swim advised. “You gotta go there,” he continued, “and it’s because that’s where the audience is.” “If it’s vulgar, so what?” he added.
5 employed
Right now he could really use a shoulder
“Science arose only in the West because efforts to formulate and discover laws of nature only made sense if one believed in a rational creator.” Even the misnamed “Dark Ages” were actually times of technological development. Likewise historians have determined that the Spanish Inquisition was “a quite temperate body that was responsible for very few deaths and saved a great many lives by opposing the witch hunts that swept through the rest of Europe.”
I recommend hopping over to Humbug Hall for a look at the lovely creations by Ann, Max and Brenda. They have been having crazy weather while here in the South (that is the US South) we have had the most incredibly beautiful weather. It is making it tough to stay indoors and work or craft. We only have about two weeks every year when you can have the windows open and enjoy the great outdoors (in between it being so hot and humid that you practically drink the air and so chilly and rainy that you want to bundle next to the heater). So, the Wonderkid and I have been having a nice time out of doors. Hopefully you are having more of my weather than the Baltic wing of Humbug Hall.
“My point is that Marx is not working to create an undivided subject where desire and interest coincide. Class consciousness does not operate toward that goal. Both in the economic area (capitalist) and in the political (world-historical agent), Marx is obliged to construct models of a divided and dislocated subject whose parts are not continuous or coherent with each other.” (Gayatri Spivak, “Can the Subaltern Speak?”)
Jump Jive and Harmonize by The Plimsouls
It was the best game ever – yet to be built in real life. I mourn the possibility that no one’s going to build it in my lifetime. I was thrilled when I saw a certain NPC that was modelled after Kenshin the Rurounin/Battousai – the perfect companion for exploring the continents and the best sparring partner. Arctic Fox and I have similar ideas when it comes to gaming and socialising!
Escape Plan Triangle Avatar – 4/3
5 understand
However, I know that I am not. I can be reasonably certain beyond a shadow of a doubt that I am on my laptop, that 2+2=4, that evolution is real, that a god does not exist, and much more. I know these things. There are mountains of evidence supporting them and no evidence whatsoever to the contrary. There is no faith involved, nor is there any need for it, because I know it to be true.
Anyway during these absence period, I'm still very much into baking...something which I can't stop totally =) just that I bake lesser these days and bake mostly during weekends.
The flood in my head took my breath away and brought hot tears to my eyes.
Our eaglets know we wait to see
10-11 Lights out
BUY IT: You can purchase God, Girls and Getting Connected at your favorite bookseller from Harvest House Publishers
NFS Undercover
And great is the gladness that doing them brings-
When I remember back on things that make me feel guilty I tend to remember them as if I’m looking at myself from outside my body. It's a false sense of memory, perhaps a way to deal with the guilt. There are many things I don’t remember at all. My brother is good at telling me things I said years ago that I can't remember in any shape or form. Maybe I don't remember those because they didn’t make me feel guilty.
King, the University of Mississippi professor, said the effect might be more indirect than direct.
Anna’s singing debut!
By 1937 they had become the largest printer of artistic posters for the French National Museums as well as many foreign institutions. Many major 20th. century artists visited the studio and worked there to create original graphic works of art.
style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;verymerryvintagestyle&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;blogspot&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;.com/search/label/Share%20the%20Love%20Wednesday%20Link%20Party"&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt;;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;img&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;/span&amp;gt; border="0" &amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;lt&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;goog&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;" class="goog-spellcheck-word"&amp;gt;src&amp;lt;/span&amp;gt;&amp;amp;&amp;lt;span style="background: none repeat scroll 0% 0% yellow;"
The person at the office is telling your uncle that they need something called a "billling account number" to send you money using quick collect. Let me buy you the plane ticket home and we can get it all sorted out when you're back home with us for Christmas. You know that your Great Grandmother Clareece wants to see you before she passes and I'm not sure she'll make it to New Years. I talked to my friend Mabel, the travel agent, and she can have you on an overnight flight back home tomorrow. She just needs the address to deliver the ticket. Send it to me, please, honey.
For me, the biggest story in today’s papers is not Calder Hart, or Faris al Rawi, or the union threat to destabilise the coalition or Anil Roberts behaving like a disrespectful lout to his political leader…..rather it is a story almost buried in the Guardian that synopsising the Auditor General’s Report for 2011.
If you want some realism nit picking, here it is. That “sniper rifle” is not a “.25 caliber” anything. It’s a .22 caliber, back-packable AR-7 that they could have purchased at K-Mart where I bought mine when I was 15. I got rid of it quickly because it was the least accurate rifle I had ever purchased, until I made the unpardonable mistake of buying an Italian Caracano. Since you don’t know my real identity, I can safely confess the Caracano to you. My wife doesn’t know about the Caracano purchase during my youth, and I’m never going to tell her. But as for the AR-7 in the film, it’s great for rabbits, and only slightly better than a slingshot for sniper work.
When lovely woman wants a favor,
Do any of y'all know how I can fix this or prevent it from happening and causing my blog to disappear?
We are right to express outrage at what seem to be the racially-motivated murders in Tulsa, Oklahoma last week and what seems to be the racially-motivated killing of Trayvon Martin in Sanford, Florida. What shouldn't surprise us, however, is the virulence of race prejudice in our country. For most of our nation's history--save the last 55 years--there was little equality in law, in schools, in marital relations, in our government, in the military, in society and in opportunity.
Spring greetings everyone!
You may have heard that Anne Tyler includes a ghost in her new novel, The Beginner’s Goodbye. The ghost is Dorothy, a short middle-aged radiologist killed when a tree falls on her house one August. Some months later, she appears to her grieving husband Aaron, a 36-year-old editor at a small Baltimore publisher that specializes in beginners’ how-to guides on various subjects. Aaron first met no-nonsense Dorothy while editing ‘The Beginner’s Cancer” and was impressed when she came right out and asked him about his crippled arm.
6. “You look great.” (Don't focus on externals).
Can I name four people? It would be Marcus Mumford, Country Winston, Ben Lovett, and Ted Dwane—the members of the band Mumford & Sons. I listened to their CD, SIGH NO MORE, over and over and over and over and OVER again, probably five or six times a day for three weeks. Their music is so evocative and heart-rending and redemptive, making it perfect for this story about two brothers learning to forgive each other. These lines from “The Cave” say it all:
It’s already been discounted online to £209.99 and you can bet that price will drop further if they don’t fly off the shelves, so if you think the price is a little high, bide your time and it’ll come to you.
That's right folks, this week got off to a cracking start as in my morning haste I tripped on the couch and broke my toe! There was some serious yelping and jumping up and down, as I had Miss One in my arms at the time too. The result is a very bruised, very immobile pinky toe, and a very grumpy disposition. I would like to say that I am one of those "fiddle dee dee" types who can then carry on with a stoic smile, but I am being a bit of a sook. And I hate the way something so small can affect my mood so greatly.
(9) Turning it in the hand and viewing it from different angels, as it were, the Hebrew poet could more fully demonstrate its latent significance.
A basic dough recipe pempek
But about those rock stars…
Here is another edition of 18th century inspired gifts for the holiday season. Our theme is perfume!
When Sally Russick of The StudioSublime put the word out for participants for her One Color Crayon Challenge I signed up for the color Green. Well, at that time I had forgotten that I would be away the weekend of the blog hop with some girlfriends, visiting the Garden of Good and Evil, yes, Savannah GA. But that's okay, I completed my assignment in time and have scheduled this posting to be published on the morning of May 5th.
I watch as a rabbit runs through the gaps in the trees beside me, his eyes focused on my deepening breath.
The laughter bubbling out of me
Richard Simmons - Bass
It's almost half over!!!
I sprayed it and the white flowered, dark night air of jasmine came over me.
He’s gonna find me some piece of mind
Release Date : July 2010
* For the over 50 or you know what I’m talking about crowd- The guy dresses like a captain, the woman wears chenille. “The Captain and Chenille.”
Of course my suggestion would always be choice #2, but there’s absolutely nothing wrong with choice #1 either.
There are 17 acres of hilly, grassy pastures for the ponies to go out on. The barn has a ton of fans in it and a big blower over the isle. The stalls are super airy so there is some massive airflow going on so the flys don't have a chance, HUGE plus! Klein will have relief when she needs it! Klein will have her own big stall that she will come into for her grain or if the weather gets ugly or the bugs get thick. The barn owner said if she sees the bugs start really bothering them or the weather is ugly she'll bring everyone in. You all know I hate Klein being in a stall but if it is to keep her out of bad weather or to provide relief from the bugs at dusk then I don't have an issue. I'd rather have her comfortable. She'll go right back out anyway. She won't be in a stall for more than a matter of hours. Of the ponies that were in that morning under their fans all of them were relaxing and half asleep. Another great thing is that the barn owner lives on site. Her house is literally about 50 feet from the barn.
12 The Kids
Samantha Morton/Sean Penn (Sweet and Lowdown)
If this is the first time for you to go to Borneo or Kalimantan and need more information you can read this http://www.lonelyplanet.com/thorntree/thread.jspa?threadID=401447
And to top it all, two acting magistrates, one from Brits and one from Garankuwa were arrested for armed robbery after they robbed a scrap metal dealer of R100,000. The getaway car belonged to a senior police official.
* Tilt Shift
JOE: The one thing about The Asylum is that this really isn’t a problem. Doing 27 films in my two years there means there probably isn’t an effect we’ve missed. I think it’s the striving to do some of the effects again with new tools and new understanding BETTER than before which makes it challenging and new again. I actually looked back at some of our older shots a few days ago and was realizing just how much I’d FORGOTTEN that we’d done. That happens when your team does almost 2,000 shots a year…
Today's project is a little tutorial:
the day after the show, Chris and I were treated to a day in NYC- I am talking the Natural History Museum, Central Park, China Town, dinner under the Brooklyn Bridge, and a night in Time Square…the whole trip was unbelievable. If you ever go to NYC, go with people who love it there. We couldn’t have had a better time!! Even the ride home was a treat; 10 hours with dear friends we love sharing life with- wow! What a weekend. We came home to our girls, lovingly cared for by Chris’ parents and boy, did they have a lot of fun too! We have SO much to be grateful for.
This was the second statement from Proton in a week, although it sent a clearer signal that something may be brewing at the national carmaker.
When a member of the audience went to the floor microphone during the question period to ask whether Dr. Cloward's strategy is a substitute for "Socialist organization of the proletariat, the industrial factory workers " Dr. Frances Piven of Columbia replied from the dais: "I really only want to make one point-the disruption of the system. Welfare rolls will begin to go up; welfare payments will begin to go up-the impact will be very, very sharp. The mounting welfare budget will increase taxes, force cities to turn to the federal government. We have to help people to make claims; for this they will organize and act."
Steal some time away to get your artsy on this summer~! I put together a fun bright layout by layering these gorgeous papers from Donna Salazars Antiquities line mixed with some scraps from Pink Paislee and Simple Stories... I had fun cutting and spritzing and being artistic! Donna's muted, shabby tones blend perfectly with other manufacturers accents and patterns to create a fun layering of grungy goodness!
“When are you going to write something serious?” (You mean the ones that leave you feeling like you need Prozac?)
I have often heard Indians talking disapprovingly of India in front of people from other countries. It’s okay to discuss your concerns in a constructive manner but I am not a fan of washing my dirty linen in public, movies like Slumdog Millionaire are there to do that job for us. The point being, do not draw a negative portrait of your country on the minds of people who are solely trusting your opinion of your own country to form theirs. We can learn a little from this story I heard from my father when I was little, I asked him, why is Japan so much more developed than we are? He narrated this incident that a foreigner wrote in his memoir about Japan:
- I'm going to move out and live in Newcastle for most of 5 years
Or how my heart breaks
On the other hand, supermarkets stock a reasonable amount of cereals, though less than in England. I am relying on general impressions, rather than targeted research: I keep forgetting to check when I do the shopping. I did notice, however, that even Biedronka has cornflakes and one other standard cereal. One of their adverts also shows a child eating cereal with milk - part of shop rather than product advertising, however. The volume of milk available in shops brings my direct experience into even stronger doubt, as there are usually large stocks held there.
4) If you are using uncooked rice, use 1 cup for the above said quantity. Wash the rice 2 or 3 times and cook it as per the instructions given in the pack.Once the rice is cooked, transfer it to a wide plate and allow it to cool. Cooked and cooled rice will workout very well for this fried rice.
Martin played a prominent role at the NASUWT conference this weekend, when teachers expressed their anger at Government policy on Academies, pensions and the Secretary of State Michael Gove, and his continual attacks on the teaching profession.
i've got news for you
$2 fee & free parking hours from 9am to 5pm
Kuroyukihime, then, gives him an installer to a program called “Brain Burst.” (Terrible name, in my opinion.) People can only attain this power by installing the program successfully, and as such, only a few people have that power to do so. They call themselves, the “Burst Linkers.” (Good name. :p) In the Accelerated World, it is created by the multiple social cameras as a 3D imagery reconstructed from footages. The thought process is accelerated by a thousand times faster. Thus, a second in the real world is equal to 1000 seconds in the accelerated world (16 minutes and 40 seconds). With this power, they make it possible by getting the bully off the school, getting not only Haruyuki from the punch, but also Kuroyukihime, a person looked up by everyone in the school.
We will begin with the Guantanamo Bay trials and explore how these were delayed. Then we will discuss the Osama Bin Laden victory lap, unemployment, race etc. We look forward to your comments and thoughts about these provocative topics.
of year to
It is with a grateful heart that I’ve received yet another testimony. This one also came as an email recently and is a great blessing to me and to others who contend for the Gospel in the arena with those who pursue Torah. Many thanks to “Graceful Grandma” for the following.
Hyperphosphatemia Overview 7
Got a great dress there, supercheap as well, it was one of the more modest pieces, black of the shoulder dress with a big picture of Marilyn Monroe wearing a red bandana around her face. I guess I should stay out of Cribs-territory while wearing it.
Admittedly I was not sure what to expect of Newtimber Hill. Bill’s account had provided clues and the memory of that group of old Witches had dominated my thoughts and dreams for the last 48 hours or so. I tried to remain cautiously excited, all this rain could prevent us from getting anywhere near the top of Newtimber and that would be more than disappointing to say the least.
* Slightly Liberal = 2,
::: seeing the mountains around Portland all white with snow.
I saw my vet today, and he upped my insulin to 5 units twice a day. I figured that would happen.
Do you know that feeling? When you try something new or discover something new and all of a sudden it's like the clouds part and trumpets sound and the angels lift their golden voices in song. Or, for me, like fireworks start going off in my brain. I start kind of dancing around--I can't stay still--and I start talking REALLYLOUDANDFAST (to The EGE, or sometimes to the cats) and it's like things start moving so quickly I can't keep up.
Combine soy sauce (or Bragss Amino Acids) and sesame or garlic oil. Brush on top of crackers. Bake at 400 degrees F for 10 to 20 minutes, depending on thickness of crackers, until browned and crispy.
laughed in the van while Mary Beth "tebowed" in poo.
Let me preface this by saying that I have over 10 years of childcare experience, both paid and volunteer. I was a camp counselor throughout college and, over the past 5 years, worked as a nanny for 4 different families. All of my previous positions only ended because either I or the family moved out of state. I have never had to quit a job in my life other than for the reason that I was moving. Nor have I ever been fired or let go. I have my bachelor's degree, a spotless record, First Aid/CPR certified, etc. and, if I do say so myself, I am a DAMN good nanny/childcare provider! I've maintained great relationships with all of my previous employers and have helped a lot of children reach big milestones in their lives (walking, talking, potty training, learning to tie their shoes, etc.).
When the Lord revealed Himself to the chief persecutor, his attitude changed immediately. Acts 9:6 informs us that he trembled and was astonished. That is, he was amazed but that particular word is associated with terror, facing certain death. This was bad news indeed. He had nowhere to turn, especially being blind.
So, my mom is Peruvian. And it's how I know this recipe. And it is SO good!!! So EASY to make, and inexpensive. Great for parties - it's a unique dish and people love it!
Automakers and suppliers discussed alternatives to PA-12 on Tuesday during their closed-door sessions in Troy, Michigan.
where an orgy in full spate
The reason for the polygraph test invitation was that Makhanya made comments after my firing that were simply not true. He invented a meeting I had with him in his imagination and told journalists eager for a bit of juicy gossip that I told him I believed what I had written in the column and that I thought blacks were “indolent savages”. That never happened as Makhanya knows but all he needs to do if he thinks I am wrong and he is right is to take up my invitation of a polygraph test. It may not be admissible evidence in court but it would be interesting to see the result. I don't have any problem with it so why does he?
When the study participants were informed about other contraceptive methods such as intrauterine devices (IUDs) and contraceptive implants and their effectiveness, 71 per cent switched to one of these options.
The preliminary questions ask, in essence, whether goods coming from a non-Member State which are copies of designs protected in the EU, such as Chinese shavers in Case C-446/09, or imitations of goods protected in the EU by trade marks, such as the mobiles inspected at Heathrow Airport, can be classified as ‘counterfeit’ or ‘pirated’ within the meaning of Regulation 3295/94, as amended by Regulation 1383/2003, considering that they are not released for free circulation in the EU territory but merely on the basis of the fact that they are brought into the customs territory of the EU, under a suspensive procedure referred to in Article 84 of the Customs Code. Indeed, in Case C-446/09, goods were under the customs warehousing procedure, therefore stored in a warehouse under customs supervision, and in Case C-495/09 goods were in external transit. The goods were counterfeit under EU or national law, but they were under customs procedures which did not entail the goods being put into commerce in the EU.
The 2009 Grey Label changed its source to the Limestone Coast areas of Mount Benson and the emerging area of Robe just to the south on the coast – drought conditions had left the traditional areas of McLaren Vale and Langhorne Creek too saline, whereas these cool maritime areas are very promising indeed.Intense bright ruby colour and a minty eucalyptus, spice and coffee nose – the Cabernet is dominant to no small degree at the moment. Fresh, lively red fruit dominates the palate giving real elegance and lively balance. Richer chocolate, coffee and spice balance the juicy palate then the freshness and dry oak come in. There are some firm tannins here, but they are not aggressive and will soften with age – 91/100 points
American Goldfinch 144
Fast forward 14 months to February 2012, and remember that NAMA has now examined 95% of the developers’ business plans, according to the NAMA chairman last week, and remember these business plans are required to disclose details of asset transfers in the past five years, and in the Dail yesterday, Minister for Finance Michael Noonan told the Fianna Fail finance spokesman Michael McGrath that NAMA had now succeeded in reversing €160m of transfers – in other words an additional €30m when compared with December 2010. The €160m of reversed transfers represent 31 developers. Minister Noonan says there are another 17 developers being pursued. The Minister is reported to have said that NAMA is pursuing five “cases” through the courts for the reversal of transfers – it’s not clear if this is five developers or just five legal actions, remember that NAMA has initiated legal actions in Canada, the US and the UK against the Grehans, so there could well be “five cases” there alone. There are pending legal actions inIreland against Sean Dunne and the directors of Capel Developments, but it is understood that these are related to judgment orders, rather than reversals of any transfers. The David Daly case did have an element of spousal transfer of cash, but David Daly has now refinanced his loans, so that is no longer a NAMA issue presumably.
Ink: Archival Ink- Jet Black, Distress Ink- Walnut Stain
Thought I'd share :)
ASBO – Anti-Social Behaviour Order. Given to badly behaved people. About to be abolished by new British government.
Imagine spending $3,000 dollars on something. Now imagine that this “something” is simply fast food. Ouch. All that hamburger ever gave you was a tire around the waist. And maybe the sensation of extreme hunger one hour after consumption.
Another big problem with the film is Michelle Monaghan as Patrick's girlfriend and investigative partner. She's not particularly good at either, and if she were truly an outsider in this insular Boston neighborhood, then perhaps the audience could accept her as a surrogate. But she's not - she's likewise a part of the environment, though she doesn't show it at all. And she's a weirdly mobile moral figure as well - she serves virtually no purpose as a fellow detective, eventually providing a foil for Patrick, but not much more.
Deutsche Bank’s surprising response led some netizens to speculate if Angelo Marc Jandugan may have published erroneous and misleading information about his occupation to show off to to the public.
And now the world has terrorism to a degree that was unimaginable before the destruction of the World Trade Center's twin towers in New York City where nearly 4,000 people lost their lives. This terrorism is part of the plan the Jesuits are implementing to scare the American people into giving up their freedoms, and it is working. The Bible says in Revelation 18:24 that the papacy is responsible for ". . . the blood of . . . all that were slain upon the earth." Evidence strongly indicates that Muslims highjacked the airliners and flew them into the towers. Thus we have rather strong evidence that the papacy's Jesuits have even been able to infiltrate the Muslims.
Added to the fourteen previously published short stories, is a bonus story – THE RISING OF LEN MUNCH – soon to be published in RADGEPACKET VOL. 6 under the title SHADOWS IN THE RAIN. Out of the fourteen other stories, SMALL PRINT is in this years MAMMOTH BOOK OF BEST BRITISH CRIME, alongside such luminaries as Mark Billingham, Val McDirmid, Ken Bruen, and Peter James, as wells as my old muckers Col Bury, Nick Quantrill, and, or course, our Nigel here, and there is also SURF RIDER – a story that has been longlisted for one of this year's Derringer Awards.
As I said, we did A LOT of walking. But, there were times that walking wasn’t an option, so we had to find other means of transportation.
4.) Odyssey (Jeff Cannata - Philip Stoltie) - 7:10
The other day when I was loading all three of my kids into their car seats (which miraculously do all fit into the back of our car) I got thinking about how nice it must have been back in the days when they didn't have car seats. No straps to fuss with, not belts to untangle-- just throw the kids in and go! But then I started thinking more about it and realized that not having car seats or seat belts would mean that the kids could, and would, wander, jump and crawl all over the car. How did people drive with chaos like that going on? And what did they use to do with infants? Just lay them on the seat and hope they didn't roll off? Really, how in the world did our grandmothers manage riding in cars without car seats?
The sheer size of the problem shows the need for more effective drugs. Pain hurts, in more ways than one.
The convicting conscience… John 8:9… “And they which heard it, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last: and Jesus was left alone, and the woman standing in the midst” (KJV). Accusers of the woman caught in adultery made a judgment within their own consciences… They realized that they too were not without sin. They were aware of their own crimes… Very often in life we are quick to point out other people’s sins, while our own conscience convicts us of ours.
5:45 pm – 6:30 pm Break
How do you feel about cheating in YA novels? Any books you can think of that have dealt with the subject well?
11. Heroes of The yellow Cross
I have been lazy lately, I mean REALLY lazy.. After chasing kids, cleaning the house, running errands, doing laundry, getting up all night with a teething baby, I have NO energy for myself minus a 5 minute shower. Lately I've been looking horrible and I couldn't take it anymore. I HAD to do something with myself, so I conceived a plan to take a few minutes a day and make up a routine to give me some me time, this included working out a few times a week to give me some added energy. Working out usually brings to mine the thought of ugly jogging pants for giant t-shirts, but I was NOT going to look like some bad lady from the thrift store. That's where ActivewearUSA.com came in. I was taking a look around their site and man, was I blown away. They have some of the cutest workout gear that varies from tops to pants and even water bottles! I had the chance to review a few of their products.
Bit by bit, but not all at once. That's the way to do these things.
A couple of times now, I've met up with a group here in Hong Kong called "Special Needs Network". Basically, it's a group of mums who have kids with special needs. When I go, sometimes I feel blessed that Maddy "only" has dwarfism. Some of their kids have much "worse" disabilities and will dependent their entire life. I've felt a bit out of place at times, but these mums have some great resources regarding mainstream schooling, medical services, therapies etc and I know that they have some answers to questions that I have, or that I may have in the future.
Baby’s heart beat: 154 bpm
Names like Ryan Leaf, JaMarcus Russell and Joey Harrington come to mind before Tebow. Colt McCoy, Andy Dalton, Rex Grossman, and as much as it pains me to say this Matt Leinart are not as good as Tebow.
To survive at this job you have to learn to go with the flow or you might get swept away.
'Exactly as you predicted, Mr. Graham,' said Madeline: 'blindman's buff at a quarter past three, and snap-dragon at five.'
Nutritional Information: 458 calories, 64 carbs, 3 fat grams and 35 protein grams.
I wonder if there is anyone still out there, reading.....i hope so...Say hi if you are there :-)
Herculean efforts were made to help him recover as much as possible after his stroke (he went to the same rehab as Congresswoman Giffords) but alas, there was nothing that could be done, really. Dementia is cruel.
Also, the BCC button is there for a reason. I don’t want to see the email addresses of the other 5988934 people you’ve emailed, it makes me feel kinda bad about myself. Use. The. BCC. Button.
It is not uncommon, in life today, to know a family that has parents living in separate homes. Very sad really, but reality it is. My reality is not as common. I have three children (common), two different fathers ( less common), and am a single parent (more common) that refuses to give up on love (you say common, my mother says ridiculous and I say romantic).
I only advertise products that are appropriate for me and my family. I'm a stay at home mom of 6 kids. My kids ages are 2, 4, 7, 9, 12 & 13. Toys, computer/phone/camera stuff, restaurants and vacation destinations suitable for large families, children's and women's clothing, kid friendly websites and tv shows, and baby and personal healthcare products are some of the things I'm interested in advertising and/or reviewing. Because I just don't have time to read right now, I don't review books.
Tv( Shutter Speed ) 0.5
Brittany and her husband live in Atlanta and although we met as college football rivals (I’m Penn State, she’s that other Big 10 school in Ohio), we grew to be great friends and I miss having my partner in crime right down the street!
The warning signs had been there for a while. One other driver asked me a couple of weeks before if I'd noticed weirdness with the gas gauge on that particular limo, a six-passenger. I thought nothing of it. Standard procedure for all drivers is to fill the tank after each run, so the next run can start with a minimum of set-up time.
I emailed Orion a few weeks ago to ask what's happening. They got back to me to say they would check. I emailed again a few days ago and was told they've received no reply as yet but would check with the sub-agent. I've had no direct contact with any of these people but, hey, I only wrote the book ...
Banana Bundt Bread with Cinnamon Streusel Crust
Teach your heart to rejoice, no matter what the circumstances are. Cultivate that in your life. Determine that praise is going to be your response to whatever life throws at you!
Just in at Georgie Emerson Vintage!
-My little ritual this week of taking a mug of coffee, along with cinnamon raisin toast, to work and having a little breakfast picnic at my desk. I could, of course, just eat it at home, but it's somehow more fun this way.
Instead of uniting and putting your energies fully into a prediction occurring, you instead pour all of your energies into proving that the event is either legitimate or a fraud. Those who do not believe the event or prediction is real are in many cases the ones who can cause the most harm to the event’s manifestation.
1) “To me if there’s an achievement to lighting and photography in a film it’s because nothing stands out, it all works as a piece. And you feel that these actors are in this situation and the audience is not thrown by a pretty picture or by bad lighting.”
An example
How to eat them: Carrot Raisin Muffins
I apologize for this picture-heavy post ... I just liked my pictures (wow, I feel really weird saying that), and I didn't know how to edit them down. They made me smile when I looked at them, and I kind of needed that.
To make the challenge even more fun, we will be giving out a prize, a $15 gift certificate to be used toward stamps at the Our Daily Bread Designs store!! Entries for the prize must be submitted by Friday, November 25 at 8 a.m. EST. One random winner will be chosen and announced next Saturday. If you are not using ODBD stamps, please do not enter more than once. Additional entries without using ODBD stamps will not be commented on or will they qualify for prizes.
I struggle to see a viable business model behind this much publicized company that is about to jump on the current tech IPO bandwagon.
Since I began speaking out about the genetics of violence, the entire field of genetics has reached a tipping point of high stakes and high drama. The stakes are that this field, which I would characterize as being presided over to some extent by ivory tower liberals, may be on the verge of proving once and for all that black people have a greater genetic predisposition to violence, or the field may wipe away this evidence along with a couple of decades of knowledge from gene association studies.
"Not since a long time ago." The man studied her face, then took a step toward her and held out his hand. "I'm-"
But Paris, he murmurs,
But maybe it does make sense, because the first impression is by far the strongest; each and every subsequent interaction an individual has with your business then either supports and strengthens their first impression or undermines it. The more the first impression is reinforced, the stronger it becomes and the harder it becomes to undermine.
The moon came on the sky, lonely and sad like her. Its reflection on water appeared like her heart, shattered to pieces.
You didn't want him to have that job or that vote in the first place. He is already an outcast in his mind. Had you had your way he would be unemployed right now thanks to you.
And then...I came across this and went all thoughtful again, the tune reminding me of decades gone when the song meant something else, entirely.
E.J. Dionne
The culture of an organization starts with the leadership. Make an effort to give regularly – you will love the results and can be the leader to change the culture of your organization. How about we all embrace a culture of kindness?
Bottom Line: I enjoyed learning more about Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis' life, both during JFK's presidency, and also about the life she made for herself as a single woman later in life.
Best post I've seen on it so far (linked in the comments) is this thoughtful talk about orientalism, exoticism, and who is asking these kids questions/editing the video, at "Adventures in the 4077th" It also uses the word "Koreaboos" which is a word I would love to see, read and hear more often.
The weather was shocking with temperatures down to -5, thick snow underfoot and snow flurries in the air.
Reuther, the future president of the United Auto Workers, headed the Wayne State chapter; and Eugene Debs, who went on to become the five-time Socialist candidate for president, was the leader at Columbia.
Elswick Park was given to the Newcastle Corporation to prevent the area being developed as housing. In 1975 the land surrounding the park began to be re-developed, and in 1981 work on the Swimming Pool was completed on the site of the old hall.
Hiii from finland!! I made it here early this morning.... came home and sat down on our front yard, to chill for a minute. Now just planning to soak up every sunny second, as long as the weather allows. Today we are going out in with my sisters... I've missed these moments!
I countered with a story about my prep school, wherein they took attendance at classes, lunch, after-school sports and evening study hall. And when I quit the system, I stopped going to everything where they took attendance, including lunch.
By tomorrow, he'll wish he was dead.
coward.
Ghislaine Morgan runs a workshop in Casole d’Elsa---a beautiful, hilltop walled Tuscan town that isn’t overrun by tourists---and Sintra, Portugal. Both were wonderful musical and travel experiences. In Tuscany we gave a concert in the cathedral in Volterra, a town I first visited with Cadfael and D.H.Lawrence, which has enjoyed a pop cultural resurgence since Stephanie Meyers of the Twilight saga created a “royalty” coven, the Volturi, who live there. A German tourist came up to me in Volterra asking if I knew where “the fountain” was. I hadn’t seen the movie, so I couldn’t tell him, and then later learned it was actually filmed in Montepulciano. Sintra, Portugal, is a very magical place that I need to write about.
Press softened cookie dough into the pan until it forms a crust.
Karl: I’m confused
Matthews.
We have to be at the hospital in 4 hours, I better try to get some rest. Wish us luck!
MA: What's Rebekah Brooks like? I was reading a bio of Elizabeth I recently - flame-haired, dissembling, paranoid, rarely ate. While others feasted on 10 course meals, Elizabeth would sit there picking away and imagining ills after a workaholic day of the screaming abdabs. Beating up poor Cecil. Does Rebekah call you late at night from Chipping Norton and tell you to behave yourself?
When we were kids if we said we were bored our mom gave us a chore. So I am currently working on a "I'm Bored" jar and if they say I'm Bored they have to pick a chore...which will NOT be a fun chore...such as
They spend HOURS out there... HOURS... in a lopsided pool... eyeballing to see if it is level? It doesn't work...
Sunday, April 22nd
a pot for my brushes. Up until now I've just kept them in a cup. I also got chocolates, flowers and lots of kisses and cuddles.
Being sick for the week made me not only appreciate and miss the running, but also what running has given me, the amazing local running community, the appreciation of the trails and of being outside and able to witness such beauty.
Store in refrigerator.
We started off on the wrong foot. Packed and prepared early, got to the airport with plenty of time to make our flight to Rome, only to be told we were a day late. I hadn't looked at our itinerary very carefully.
In Matthew 21:13, Mark 11:17 and Luke 19:46, Jesus quotes the prophet Isaiah, saying: ‘My house will be called a house of prayer for all nations’ (Isaiah 56:7). The Apostle Peter talks about how we, the people of God, ‘like living stones, are being built into a spiritual house to be a holy priesthood, offering spiritual sacrifices acceptable to God through Jesus Christ’. If we, the gathered and dispersed Church, can be considered His House, then we are described by Jesus as ‘a house of prayer for all nations’.
This time last year, God had really laid a verse on my heart, "From everyone who has been given much, much will be demanded; and from the one who has been entrusted with much, much more will be asked." Luke 12:48 Out of the meditation on this verse, our call to become foster parents was born. Now with 6 wonderful kids, a bigger car, a bigger house and a higher paying job for Seth, to be honest, I'm a little intimidated thinking of what God will call us to this year. Seth is speaking at the statewide 8308 foster care awareness conference at the end of this month. Please pray for wisdom and guidance for him when it comes to writing his speech and that the Holy Spirit speaks boldly through him.
A voice came echoing out from the night
Anyway, this is the type of music that them whipper-snappers listen to today. I don’t know how to categorize this music, other than the fact that every time I listen to this music, I daydream of dancing to intricately choreographed pieces to them. And it makes me sad, because to be able to dance to intricate choreography, you need to be able to dance at all. Which is what my GOAL is for this year.
We are back from our whirlwind tour of Australia. I will be suffering from jet lag tomorrow considering it's 11:30 and I'm still awake. I rarely stay up past 10. I'm an 80 year old trapped in a 29 year old's body.
No doubt Friso was hired by GS to look for high potential possibilities in the field of big brother-technologies for optimizing the NWO control grid of the world population through micro-chipping, radio-tracking, body-scanning and satellite-spying.
to carry and wear,
Anyway, I managed to get 48 answers right, so I'm officially certified as a SAS programmer.
So this morning my vehicle of life turned sharply on to Crazy Avenue. I am in a teaching model called a triad - 3 teachers sharing 66 student-where each of us teach reading and then 3 blocks of the subject area we do well in. This morning, I was scheduled to be off so I could attend the Princess’ award ceremony. As I got ready I talked with my first partner who shared with me that she had found out that her grandfather who had a stroke on Friday was being discharged to hospice and wasn’t expected to make it through the week. We talked and had just hung up my phone and headed to get ready for a morning jog when my other teaching partner called crying hysterically. Finally able to piece together her story, I discovered she has fallen and hurt herself. Ever the dedicated teacher she was just going to wrap it and head to work. convinced her to head to the ER letting her know I would take care of school and warning her that she would mostly be having surgery.
Dry fruits and nuts - ¼ cup (I have used almonds, cranberries)
Be patient. Just like in the real world, building relationships is a long process and you’ll get the most from them if you nurture them and take time to build your credibility.
Whatever challenges you most you have to work through it...you also have to work even harder to give yourself the time to work through it. I have to read a total of 10 scripts for 2 assignments. My professor cut me a break so I now only have to read 5.
This one was more of run, burn the shoulders for a second, and run again. My least favorite thing. And it was even sweeter that the smell of Dairy Queen was wafting in my mouth and nose as I was scooting along my 400m. Gross. This WOD sucked the life out of me and it was necessary to fall to the ground after the last push press rep was done at 15:56.
I do have options. I understand that now, at least on some level. It took several years of therapy but I believe I can choose for myself. But knowing the wrath I will face if I choose differently from what he wants is enough to keep me in line way too often.
Now that we have gone through one sampler, some convo about real estate, and I feel like another 5 beers. Maybe not something so local. BROOKLYN STAND THE F8CK UP!!!
the kitchen!
Celebrations are all-out in our office. And I think it really contributes to our morale. It helps that as a service-oriented company, we have lots of giving people who like to make each other feel speshul :)
So - long story short, he called, we had dinner last night, and we chatted. And chatted and chatted. And then talked. We were at the restaurant for close to 3 hours. It felt like - there was no pressure. I was so at ease, I didn't feel like I needed to impress him, it didn't feel like he was trying to impress me. We just... got along.
If you crave chocolate:
Like other titles in the Kindle Kids Library from Xist Publishing, DOCTOR has been formatted to take advantage of the Kindle, Kindle Fire and Kindle apps for phones, tablets and computers. The photos look crisp and clear on color and black and white devices.
i know not what i want, what i need, what will sharpen me most
“When you say that the girl uses the ‘C’ word do you mean she says ’see – you – enn – tea’ ?” she asked me, scarcely believing that Eurostar was breaking new ground in high speed advertising.
Conspires
We discovered that the refrigerator ice maker had been quietly leaking under the floors. Under the kitchen floor, under the living room floor, and under the laundry room floor. By the time we noticed something was wrong, thousands of dollars worth of damage had been done. Now, we aren’t unobservant. We’ve had water leaks in the past. But generally, a leak is accompanied by pools of water. There was no water. The only noticeable symptom occurred when our two-year-old hardwood floors buckled. That’s when we knew we had a problem. We decided to start back at square one and rethink this whole project. And I am glad we did.
Something real will also happen,
Greystoke: the Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes (P.H. Vazak)
Xu Guan moved quickly, grabbing up the shotgun and stuffing his pockets full of shells. He wriggled back out of his hole and replaced the barrel. Once the barrel was back in place, he climbed on top of its neighbor and then onto the roof of the building. As he approached the roof’s peak, he flattened himself and peered over. As he had guessed, four men with what appeared to be military uniforms and military rifles were moving in the direction of the building. The lead man’s head was down as he scanned the earth.
Michelle sent me an email in March 2010 saying, "Good news! Best discussed over the phone." She told me two, possibly three editors were interested in MAY B., something I never expected from my very non-commercial book. It was amazing to talk with three people who loved my work, had shared it with others in their office, had thought through ways to strengthen the storyline, etc. The work editors are willing to put into a book before even knowing its theirs is amazing. In the end, I decided to work with Nicole Geiger at Tricycle Press. After a combined ten rounds of edits, line edits, and copyedits, the book was ready to go.
But unfortunately, due to lack of time, could not deck it up for the respective TCC project...... With less hours to work on, I thought would use the base that was all ready to be decked up..... So here it is...... :D
Life...and more
There are some dynamic, attractive, and informative jurisdictional websites available to the faithful. Some provide information about saints (hagiographies, icons, information on special commemorations), events for youth, resources for people drawn to the Eastern Churches, church news, and many other topics. All of these websites qualify (GOYA, SOYO, ACRY, diocesan websites, youth resource websites like the OCA's DCE pages, etc).
They lied when they told you that immigration brought great benefits to Britain, whereas in truth its main benefit was to Labour's electoral support, and to their (and the Tories') unscrupulous chums in big business who want to exploit cheap immigration in order to keep wages artificially low.
She makes me want to take huge risks.
In the end I sorted out which bulbs will probably not survive, though I replanted them in the contaminated pot, which I hope I’ve cleared of bugs. The healthy-looking bulbs I’ve planted in another pot, with my fingers crossed. Then I remembered that last week there’d been a maze of tiny fruit-fly sized flies around the adjacent Thai basil. Were the two things connected? Spotting some more of the flies I zapped them with common house fly spray.
The Packers concentrated on upgrading their defense in this draft and I liked the players they picked. Perry will provide a constant edge rushing presence so Clay Mathews can move around and make plays. Worthy adds some physicality to their front and will be a huge help in run defense, and Casey Hayward from Vandy is a solid all around player who can create turnovers.
mud between your toes,
Rileigh is hugely sarcastic, and though it felt like some of this was trying too hard at times, it still lent itself to plenty of laughs. This was the part of her that I could appreciate it, and while she definitely came off as weak at times, she still had a certain drive in her that helped her face down whatever was thrown at her. Her banter and interactions with her best friend, Quinten, were hilarious and fun, and Gibsen did a great job of keeping Quinten tied into the story even after the whole samurai thing really starts coming into play. Though it could be seen as Quinten having little importance, I felt like the simple fact that he was still there spoke volumes, rather than Rileigh just being too busy or unwilling to tell him the truth of what's going on.
Some rousing organ from a man in the early stages of attempting to look like Roy Wood shepherds in Harley in a red suit, casually leaning on the mike stand before launching into a full set of studied interpretative gestures, never losing eye contact with the camera. So the director decides to test him on that with three sudden and unrepeated wipes to other angles. He nearly misses the first, immediately catches the second and decides not to bother with the third, intenion of staring into your very soul denied. The latest of several things we haven't seen for a while to turn up this week is the punctuative intercut shot of some lights rotating. Unusually, it's the lights rather than the lens that are rotating, though you have to say the studio could do with jazzing up in that respect, it's either moody spotlighting or full-on. As we enter the final stages the guitarist, who looks a bit like Art Garfunkel, comes over to have an arm draped round them Mick Ronson-style, except the effect this time is somewhat different and, had Boy George seen this one instead, might well have turned him straight. "Some lovely guitar work in that as well" Stewpot offers before somewhat ungrammatically suggesting "before you can say Cockney Rebel that'll be up in the charts, I'm sure". It peaked at 41, outside the countdown range. Ah, the TOTP presenter kiss of death.
I adore steel tanker desks and one would nip my storage problem in the bud. Rehab Vintage in LA has some that are new and others that have been refurbished. I'd love to get one in a fun color...probably turquoise or orange. Here's the standard gray, which is also neat.
By 3 pm it looked hurricanish.
3. Amazing weather for scooting around, doing all my Thursday check list chores.
We will have extended hours this Saturday only (10-7) and we have all of our classes now available!
The boys are doing fine for the most part too. They finished up their first semester in school. Tony did very well and Tyler has a fresh start with new classes. Last week, Tony was sick with a bad cold and stayed home for three days and then Tyler got mono. He went back to school today but I hope he takes it easy and rests. Resting is a foreign concept for that boy.
Claudia is understanding more, I know she doesn't understand on the grand scheme level, but she knows enough to talk about Curtis and that does help. Today we were at a tea party My Other Blog and were at a table with a few grandmas and their granddaughters. One asked another little girl how many brothers she had. The grandmother said something about her having a brother who died and they are trying to "encourage" her to be aware of him and making sure to mention him.
The controversial law has received strong criticism from the Florida
I don’t know what the screenplay looked like before Chabon started his repairs, but Stanton is already planning two sequels. Burroughs wrote ten, but Disney wants to rake in $700 million first. That’s less than Spider-Man 2, but still a high bar for even an interplanetary superman to clear.
In Libya, in 1953, Jews were subjected to restrictions and became victims of economic boycotts. The Maccabi sports club was forcibly opened to Arab members in 1954. A decree was issued on 9 May 1957 obliging Libyans with relatives in Israel to register at the Libyan boycott office, even though at that point, 90 percent of the Jews had already left. On 3 December 1958, Tripoli's Jewish community ceased to be an independent entity. Thereafter it was overseen by a state-appointed commissioner. Legal exclusion worsened. In 1960, Jews were prohibited from acquiring new possessions. They were no longer allowed to vote, hold public office, or serve in the army or the police. On 2 April 1960, Alliance Israélite Universelle schools were closed.
Billy agreed with me, he was hired in Banning when (they) went from one paid firefighter per shift to two. This was probably in the early '70s or so. Billy was also one of the guys who stayed on with Cal-Fire until he retired five or so years ago.
(Led Zepplin)
Telephone Operator
Celine: Just about reincarnation and where all the new souls come through over time. Everybody says they have been the reincarnation of Cleopatra or Alexander The Great. I always want to tell them they were probably some dumb fuck like everybody else.
For today I give you a scene from a short film from Japan.
Go out or come in.
The day following Jesus would go forth into Galilee, and findeth Philip, and saith unto him, Follow me. Now Philip was of Bethsaida, the city of Andrew and Peter. Philip findeth Nathanael, and saith unto him, We have found him, of whom Moses in the law, and the prophets, did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son of Joseph. And Nathanael said unto him, Can there any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip saith unto him, Come and see. Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile! Nathanael saith unto him, Whence knowest thou me? Jesus answered and said unto him, Before that Philip called thee, when thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee. Nathanael answered and saith unto him, Rabbi, thou art the Son of God; thou art the King of Israel. Jesus answered and said unto him, Because I said unto thee, I saw thee under the fig tree, believest thou? thou shalt see greater things than these. And he saith unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Hereafter ye shall see heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of man.
Me: Boys, it is not morning yet. You are up FAR too early. Everyone else is trying to sleep still. It is time to be quiet now with no.more.talking, do you understand?
It’s been one month since it all has ended
It is the world's largest vintage table lamp. No, really - the thing is a full 60" (5 feet!) tall from the bottom to the top of the shade. The body is ceramic, and there is a glass globe that the shade sits on. (The shade itself measures a whopping 19" across and 25" tall!) I wish I could have gotten a better photo of it, but the light in my office is terrible - hence my decision to bid on the world's largest table lamp. It does help quite a bit - and it has a 3-way switch so if I don't want it full on I can tone it down a bit.
I’ll probably post some more things I’ve been working on soon but right now I’m reading about Freud’s theory on creative writing which is about as abstract as the people he is writing about.
From the time we were small we have been told the story of the devil/shiatan/satan. Of how he disobeyed Allah and promised to depath the mankind in every possible way. My depiction for a long time of these possible ways were small. I never imagined the devil having much knowledge. To me devil was always the little red guy with horns over my left shoulder telling me to lie, miss a prayer, hurt someone and all the things we these days NORMALLY do and dont THINK about much. We alwasy know someone who is worse than us and thats makes it alright.
I bought GEO Nudy Green and got them from Honeycolor.com. The website is very good and the prices are very reasonable. The shipping was estimated much longer than it actually was and i got them a week and a half before they said they would arrive which is good. :)
Leading on from this, we were late again submitting the books to the Electoral Commission and the Party was fined as a result. This should not have happened as it could have been avoided and has cost the Party money. It is another indication that the accounting side of things needs scrutiny and overhaul.
Sharing rooms is also a productions trick to save money. when your on location with the same people all day the last thing you want is to be stuck with them all night, often with runners you will never have met the other runner you are sharing with either. This is a nightmare, do they snore? Will they hog the bathroom? Will they be tidy? On one production they decided to stick the runners in their own cottage, two girls and three boys all sharing one working shower that was located in the girls room. Hideous. Having boys wondering into your room in the morning to shower and leaving bits of themselves in there. Disgusting. But this was luxury compared to my next accommodation.
Breakfast: brown rice wrap heated in cast iron with thin slices of raw Mahón cheese (of course I discover a new favorite cheese just prior to bidding dairy adieu)...with the last big dollop of leftover saag panner.
What makes this important in David, is that Gabriele is posing for such a work of art. Which brings up all sorts of questions about how you know, before it has acquired any reputation, whether a work is likely to endure or not. Of course you can’t know what external forces – fire, flood, war – might destroy it but does the artist or the model know when they are part of something as great as the David or Leonardo’s portrait?
This is general and this is specific. This is for every man and for no man at all. This is the rage of a gender and the plea of a woman. This is the voice of a tear and the echo of a child’s feet. This is from me to you, from us to them. This is for mothers with sons and fathers with daughters. This is for every person who wants to feel beautiful and for every person who took away that chance.
I decided that I wanted to mark this remarkable evening with a painting about quantum physics – which somehow, ‘captured’ the insanity of a rather loud and amusing evening. It is also, I suppose, a small poke at ‘Abstractionism’.
This is the last of this series. I have been pretty brutal in the last two. Bud Williams says the thing that is wrong with society is we are not nice to people. I asked him what he means by nice. He told me to be nice we need to teach people something so they can go make something of themselves. I hope what I write here makes a difference.
These oats are so simple, and great to make if you don’t have a lot of time in the morning. If you love oatmeal for breakfast in the winter, but hate the thought of something hot for breakfast in the hot summer months, then overnight oats is a great thing to have in place of your regular hot oats. This breakfast is a thick, creamy, delicious way to enjoy your morning bowl of oatmeal.
What is Blogger Central?
I wish you all good health and good food - and look forward to staying in touch as Cooqi launches anew.
Until just a month or ago the little rocker sat bundled in our attic. I thought of it when the Abundant Genealogy theme was Family Heirlooms. Though it sits idle for the time being, with a grandbaby coming along it won't be too long till a little one will enjoy the rocker once again.
Student : Have you ever observed evolution with your own eyes, sir?
Her family lives in Dothan Alabama, and that's why she's here-It's hard to live in New York with no job and no money, so she moved back to her home town to get her feet back on the ground. Her family is rather peculiar, being of Irish descent and a prior military family. Her father settled in the local area after his military career where he completed a second career as a local police officer and detective. Her mother has worked on and off over the years whenever need but mostly just spends her time supporting the local Catholic Church and perfecting her superpower.
1 Loweville 2:12
Only one has to notice them.
Carrying all gates
Perhaps not very exotic. And yet our parents had let three 15-year-olds out on the loose for a whole week. We had been in plenty of evil big cities. They had no idea what we were doing about eating and sleeping - we organized everything ourselves. We didn't have mobile phones, so they had to make do with a couple of calls from phone boxes. They were no doubt totally stressed - but they let us do it. We had an adventure.
i have great news! :) the Waja’s finally back from its five-weeks rehab session in the car workshop after my stupid accident (bmw driver, i still hate you). the car is back! the car is BACK :) i cannot express my utter relief. although i made a vow not to drive the waja at least six months after my accident. the vow still stands. … and then me, mom, jean and lis dropped by the mall for a movie. yeah i know. a movie. the last time we all went to watch a movie together, it was the third LOTR and i was like, 13. … oh! and i also went shopping. no need to list down my purchases, because, really, who wants to hear about my new black thong heels and oversized beige long-sleeved tee and make-up right? :) … oh oh! and i also got books! like five new books. like two from Jane Austen, and The Diary of a Young Girl by Anna Frank, and a pulitzer prize winning novel by Frank McCourt and another book about, idk, chinese girls. :D
Mustad’s Flashers Rigs are effective as they can be dropped directly below the boat where a lot of berley ends up landing. The flashers will catch fish without bait due to their flashy dressings and glow beads; however they really come into their own when a little bit of bait is used to spice them up. When rigging the flashers with bait, it is important not to overcrowd the gape of the hook. When rigging fish heads, it is best to simply slide the hook through the eyes and allow the bait to sit along the bend of the hook. Squid hoods (particularly Californian squid) can be rigged in a similar fashion, by pinning the hook through the tip of the hood once. The squid will sway seductively in any type of current, often proving too hard to resist for any hungry snapper. Small cubes of pilchards, the same size as berley cubes rigged on a flasher often produce the most fish. As the snapper are attracted to the immediate area by berley cubes it makes sense to drop the same sized bait down. By making sure that the gape of the hook is not overly filled with bait and ensuring there is plenty of hook exposure is the key. Remember that there is no need to cast the bait out long distances therefore the bait will remain in position during its descent to the bottom. The best part of using flashers is knowing that there is always a bait in the water. The saltwater fly like appearance ensures fish are always attracted to the rig even after the added bait has been picked away. Double hook-ups of snapper on the one rig are also not uncommon when schooling fish are in the area. The number of times the flasher rigs were the first to be hit during a session was quite astounding. Quite simply; they are fish catching machines.
Knopf Canada, 2001
Najib may decide to pay attention to the exponentially growing number of protestors and introduce real reform in Malaysia in the little time his premiership has left. Or he may continue with his faux reforms.
Thanks to the SWO School Councils and Home & Schools for making me welcome at your meetings. It is valuable to me to hear what’s going on in your schools and communities, and to give you a glimpse of what’s happening at the Halton District School Board board table.
It contains a map showing the territories which were being farmed by the Boers: from the Olifants/Limpopo rivers in the north to below the Orange River in the South (Colesburg).
Wow what a week it has been. Last Sunday night two lambs were born and then a couple of days after that another one came (thankful it was not another set of twins). The problem with these events is that now that winter has come, it seems to want to make up for all the lost time and the temperature is just dropping and dropping. Now according to the internet grown sheep with their wool can survive up to -40C but lambs get into problems below -10C. Cool you say insulate the barn, but here's the hitch, a barn has to be well ventilated, if not the sheep might get pneumonia and other nasty ailments. As it is expected to be -30C sometime next week, the barn will drop to -20 or so, I will be heading to Riga to search for a heating lamp or I guess we will have to bring the mama's and babas inside the basement - which will not be as easy as it sound LOL (hysterically)
What character or story haunts you?
Morello: So it’s going to be an AP carry then.
I am not a hero or Superman, only very lucky. After landing on my feet, I just knew instinctively that I was not injured, so why not enjoy a bit of self righteous arrogant indignation with the world and perpetrator all on my side? How often does an opportunity like this present itself to look like a victim and hero at the same time?
Hour by hour the sun and the rain, the air and the rust,
The Bureau of Investigative Journalism (TBIJ) in London analysed 116 drone strikes on Pakistan between August 2010 and June 29, 2011. In its ‘conservative estimate’, TBIJ reveals that in 10 drone strikes at least 45 civilians have been killed, including six named children. At least 15 additional strikes are likely to have killed at least 65 more civilians. While the investigation is a rare glimpse into a big atrocity, it might have underestimated civilian deaths. The atrocity is being replicated in Yemen and Libya, the “Pakistanisation” of Yemen and Libya.
"Cinema Italiano" - Nine
I ponder the contrast of the solemnity of Christ’s suffering paraded around town with this display of economic well-being, the full bars and restaurants, the festive atmosphere parading on the street corners.
“No.” I thought for a minute. “As long as you can feel things and care about things.”
Finally, it is a striking fact that the last glimpse we have of the Savior in this world shows Him in the attitude of blessing.
The tech process is about to start, so these entries are going to start getting pretty short–but I’ll keep updating with pictures from the day’s activities! The costume ladies Ivy and Cindy decreed Monday “Margaritas Monday,” and while it seems a bit late in the process to initiate such a good idea, better late than never, I say:
Is it wrong that I want a whole wall inside full of plants?! Before Jon realizes it.. he will be living in a mother fucking rainforest.
Participants in the MSKeeper Teacher Leadership Institute will include the 12 teachers from Kurnyuk School, and 18 teachers from 9 other schools selected by the Warrap State MoE. Over the next 3 years, we’ll provide formal training sessions every 6 months with interim mentoring support. The content of the trainings will be informed by annual assessment of teachers and students.
The trouble with ghouls didn't stop there. The casket of John Vandemaur (what the guys had been hired to get) had already been removed from the family crypt. A little investigation led them to another crypt with the sounds of jazz and poetry recitation coming from within. Stealthy scouting by Diabolico revealed a number group of young ghouls who not only had the casket they were looking for, but were in the company of the missing debutante, Sue Ann Wylde.
Herbert Allingham was born in 1867, the year of the Second Reform Bill. Not everyone was happy about this modest extension to the franchise. “The only thing we can do is as far as possible to remedy the evil by the most universal means of education that can be devised. I believe it will be absolutely necessary that you should prevail upon our future masters to learn their letters,” said Robert Lowe MP. The Education Act of 1870 was the vital first step towards compulsory education for all. For the remainder of the nineteenth century young people were more likely to be able to read than older people and males more likely than females. Most of the new readers who wished to continue reading after they had left school wanted fiction. They bought weekly newspapers or magazines, nothing costing more than a penny or, preferably, a halfpenny. These were Allingham’s customers from 1886 when he was 19 years old and his first serial story was published in a penny weekly paper for boys.
Well, he was not deterred and we drove around till we found ice cream. Turns out we inadvertently moved to the gross side of Gaithersburg. Apparently on the the other side of the highway is a lovely, ticky-tacky world of recently built townhomes and quick-rise “town squares” where Whole Foods, Cold Stone Creamery, Lowe’s, yoga studios, wine bars and dental offices all try to pretend they’ve been here longer than they have and their store fronts are not really strip malls. Not that we can afford the fancy stuff anymore, but we did eat expensive ice cream and bought vitamins and Honest Tea in Whole Foods and I felt a lot better that day.
It's a car commercial. (Shut up, alot of serious actors do commercials this days of financial crisis)
We didn’t light any fires, but in Ireland Beltane was traditionally a festival of optimism, and there was lots of that around over the weekend. The sun finally showed its face on Sunday and any plans I’d had for a lazy morning went out the window. Nic and I got up, tidied the house, did some grocery shopping and went for a dander in the sun. It wasn’t warm enough to eat ice-cream but it did make a change from all of the rain and grey that has characterised the last few weeks. I didn’t wear one of my handmade dresses, but I thought I’d stick with the handmade theme all the same by wearing my Grace dress from Call Me Betty vintage:
Participating in the event were:
After the Red Flag, the galloping bull.
Ten billion years after the Planck Era, a star system was forming. It was a modest little system in a modest little galaxy. This particular nascent system was situated a good way out one of its galaxy's spiral arms in a decent but unprepossessing stellar neighborhood. At its core was a quiet, unremarkable main-sequence star, type G, class V, still young, still fresh, with probably an additional ten billion years of existence yet to go before its exhaustion as a yellow dwarf (G-V) and its transition and expansion to red giant status, followed by its collapse into a dense white dwarf - about the size of a planet but still retaining most of its original mass. Like I said, dense. And cooling because by that point it's no longer capable of producing the fusion which gave it and its system life for all those years. Finally, in its ultimate senescence, it will cool into a black dwarf, cold and dead, waiting silently for the end of this universe.
Cheesy Ham & Potato Bake (using garden potatoes from a friend)
The method I use has worked two years in a row now. The plants of both butterfly weed, with its lovely orange flower, and milkweed, with its milky secretions and large seedpods full of silky fluff, have become well established and have already come up in my gardens yet again this year. I am not sure where I originally read about propagating milkweed seeds, but here is one link that describes it well – http://butterflysocietyofva.org/growing_milkweed.htm .
Zwolle.
We know that the law is spiritual; but I am unspiritual, sold as a slave to sin. I do not understand what I do. For what I want to do I do not do, but what I hate I do. And if I do what I do not want to do, I agree that the law is good. -Romans 7:14-16 (emphasis mine)
Man Ray (1 gelatin silver print and 1 book, 1924, 1927)
There comes a cool calmness with my old line of work.
As a person who really didn’t get into hockey until recently, this year’s playoffs have breathed new life into the world of NHL hockey. There is so much excitement that its contagious.
Myself and Mr P parted ways here as I headed off West Street way under the flimsy premise of seeing if the Bath was yet reopened. I missed a tram so decided that the only solution, rather than wait for my next one, was to go in the Cask and Welly for a half.
And what treats there were. Ale Star Czar, Shandy (and was there ever an opportunity to take the piss out of his nickname!?) explained that while Beer Cocktails as such are a relatively modern phenomenon, the practice of blending beers is centuries old. Whether to ensure consistency, to correct an unbalanced brew or simply to create different brands from a single batch, brewers have sought to mix and match beers.
The first “home show” was a great success - Andy says there will be more and he hopes the idea catches on with Cairns music lovers.
I’ve been fooling myself. The center of my galaxy has always been you, and you are a red giant of a star that will probably shine for my eternity, and beyond, when that eternity is dust. These new yellow suns shining bright are fake halogen lights, doomed to burn out and crack into ash and shards.
2 tsp rice vinegar
The beer list is a goldmine and contains many of the SIBA 2011 Gold medal winners as well as a finest selection of the brewers' favourites.
Fabric: 35ct WDW Linen Straw
Well here we are again for another MDUC challenge and I almost freakin forgot to post it! Had my card done early in the week, took pictures but just forgot to write the post. HOLI COW REALLY?!! Remembered an hour before - and I really wonder how. AND I was making a card!! ha ha ha!! Phew occupied or what?! I am soooo laughing at myself right now!
~Anonymous
When I went to basic training, I received some of the worst advice ever from my cousin; he said something like “don’t let the drill sergeants know who you are”. I think when he graduated from Basic Training, the drills were like, wait, who are you? This is most people. Their goal is not to be noticed. They want to be wall flowers. You’d think that’d be easy to do in camouflage. But, it’s the people that try to blend in and not be noticed who are the ones who are yelled at, dropped for pushups, and singled out. Why? Because, the army needs people who can be yelled at, and can do their job; and not start crying and worry about their feelings and not accomplish their mission. If you can do your job correctly under pressure, then you can do it. There is pressure in war.
Ask yourself and your clients the following questions.
“If you hurt her, I will kill you,” the man threatened.
The government formation journey could be far from over.
From within the transaction we call each of the private table insert methods. Here is an example of the committees insert method:
Bay leaf 1
Because it was ‘live TV’ and no recordings have been in circulation since the series aired in 1974, Media Circus has been all but forgotten. I hope this video will help it to regain a measure of the attention and respect it deserves as one of the most critically sophisticated mainstream media programs ever produced.
Although the previous article did not attract the response I was hoping for (which may have been a blessing in disguise), I think the time is now ripe for that follow-up posting! Way too many strange things have been happening lately, and it’s time for some light to be shed on these matters, as it does not seem as if anyone else is doing it!
Washington Irving – Guests From Gibbet Island
established unto you is because you’re acting on the Word; you’re taking your
I've been really into shrimp lately, especially the recipe I found for "Zippy Summer Shrimp" on AllRecipes.com which is presented below as part of a take-off on cole slaw. This is similar to those slaws with ramen noodles except without the ramen. Perfect for a hot summer night!
Judy: “I’m optimistic. I can lead cheers.”
I do think beer blogs have a valid, and dare I say important, place in beer though. Beer rating blogs are a dime a dozen. Nation wide beer blogs...also a dime a dozen. But the local beer blog I think is a vital and helpful resource, not to pat myself on the back. Also, (Warning: I am going to pat myself on the back again) blogs or sites like My Last Pint and Pints and Panels are fun (I guess not so important, but still) because of their uniqueness and creativity.
Start Proclaiming Life and Power!
Much LOVE to ALL upon your paths of self journey and Totality to freedoms of fullfillments of your souls joy. May the rainbow touch the shoulders of EACH and EVERY single Life Force Energy BEing upon this journey.
He is improving day by day but still his great weakness in his left arm and leg. His handwriting is coming back to normal, and his voice is improving. The messages we received were very heartfelt and sometimes emotional, expressing the impact that John’s work has had on so many lives. People can send more messages to us if they want and we’ll see that they get them. Email to jerryaero@aol.com.
I’ve been trying to think of beautiful ecological ideas that turned out to be totally false, but I’ve been drawing a blank. Every candidate I came up with has at least a grain of truth to it. Assuming I’m not just forgetting obvious examples (am I?), I’m not sure if this is to ecologists’ credit or not. Perhaps we’re good at ‘keeping our eyes on the prize’ (the truth), and so aren’t attracted to beautiful ideas unless they clearly have at least of grain of truth to them. This would be very much to our credit. Or perhaps we actually see beauty and elegance as a mark of falsehood rather than truth, because we’re afraid of oversimplifying the polyglot complexity of living nature (see here and here for more on this). And so in the name of avoiding beautiful false ideas, we avoid beautiful truths too. This would be rather less to our credit.
...one night this week, I was resting on the couch, and Sam was quick to inform me that I could still read while relaxing. So that's just what we did. Notice his foot propped up on the couch. Funny kid...
My advice to step parents is to make sure you know what you’re getting into before you get into it. Understand that it is a lot of work. Sometimes it’s not the kids who have the problem blending but the parents involved. Make sure that you’re marrying someone who’s not going to be jealous when their child/children bonds with the step parent. Don’t confide in the children and trash the step parent. Be responsible with the blended family. Let kids be kids! In my case it ended up well as my relationship with Tracy thrives to this day and she was the example of how I knew I wanted to be with my step daughter Xearia.
In truth, for the most part, the sex-offender registry isn't an issue that breaks down along partisan lines because one of its primary purposes - even more so, IMO, than it promotes public safety - is to allow politicians of all stripes to grandstand and engage in demagoguery, at least until reality intervenes, either through stories of injustice or fiscal contraction. In times of normal budgets, at least for the last coupla decades, everybody on both sides of the aisle has said basically the same thing as the Congresswoman, just like everybody in Salem was against witches. In the current budget environment, though, she's writing checks up there in Washington that the state of Texas can't afford to cash. If these are the terms of debate these days, sign me up on the Governor's side and tell the feds nobody down here wants to pay for the Adam Walsh Act while we're closing schools and prisons and gutting core functions of state government.
As you leave, watch your step! Dump runs happen daily. And all of this just from the front two rooms. Needless to say, in our downtime, we live upstairs and at the back of the house. You know… at the day spa.
The modern Russian meal starts with zakuska, Russian for small plates, each an exquisite balance of lush and light. Start with Herring Under a Fur Coat, a beet-blushed tower of herring, carrots, potatoes and egg. An updated Olivier, a creation of Lucien Olivier of the 1860 French-influenced Hermitage in the center of Moscow, is a comfort-chic mélange of carrot, pickles, potato, and sausage, done decadently in mayonnaise. Gravlax, house-cured with beets, is a striking red, and melts away under a drizzle of dill aioli.
I thought I might be able to make a masculine card with this image, but in the end I had to go and "girl" it up with the little flowers! I just couldn't help myself, it is just how I roll!!! LOL!!
Download here
This week's challenge from LGS is a really interesting one: use white plus one colour. Now, I used yellow, which looks fab in real life but is not so great when being photographed with white!! Didn't think of that, duh!
I learned a great tip from Pinterest. (Pinterest and I have a love/hate relationship - I love it because it is like a worlds fair for crafty women but hate it because it drags me to my computer chair and holds me captive for so long) If you put your phone in a bowl (or down in a fat glass vase with acorns I am saving for a great project) it magnifies the sound like speakers!! Cool, huh??
Fresh Herbs (1 T) - 1 tsp dried herbs
Day 1: Little Bear by Elise Minarik, info from Childcraft:World & Space, and pictures from The Moon by Michael George
Her meaning now was clear to see
- Your parents are morons and you mumble under your breath that everyone is an “idiot” which doesn’t matter because your mom is one too and she wont notice.
Every foreign army comes to grief in Lebanon.
never need for tears
2) The two Seals were introduced by Freemasons, in 1782
tad vi<U+1E63><U+1E47>o<U+1E25> parama<U+1E41> pada<U+1E41> sada
We headed off down Koningstraat, looking for the baker’s shop at number 37. It was built in 1900 and has a stone sculpture of a baker above the shop door. It is no longer a baker, it sells antiques, but was not open.
Suetonius was a chief secretary to Emperor Hadrian writing around AD 120 in his work Life of Claudius:
It was a little milky.
Obfuscated by envious shadows, his skin lounges against my own as he strokes my face. When I close my eyes, I ignore the darkened objects surrounding us and I can veritably feel him moving around my body, surveying me in the night, even though he surely can see nothing but ink, the same as I. I reach out towards him, but fingers clutch at my wrist and push it back down by my side as those frozen silk lips trace the passages and cliffs of my face again and a whisper carries to my ears from the cleft of my cheek, just as it dips to my neck, “Yes, Aasta?”
I hadn’t realized how many years had gone by until a unsuspected moment of the day I discovered a couple of old photos.
I didn't like the sound of her voice either. It was coarse and thick with phlegm. I thought I could hear her smoking as we discussed the details of the trip. She sounded suspicious and a little angry, though I couldn't tell what for. By the time we hung up the phone, I was already hoping Margie was just a one-time passenger.
This also got me thinking about consumers at fast-food restaurants. Where I am in this world, it almost seems a rarity that patrons at fast-food chains clear up after themselves at the end of the meal. Unbelievable! This has bugged me for years, but it doesn’t change. Cultural differences, I was told. Excuses, I believe. But of course, who am I to impose my beliefs on others. I just don’t see why we can’t return our trays on our own and dispose of the waste along the way. I watched an elderly lady clear the tables around me and as I walked to the waste-bin to return the tray, she broke into a smile and exclaimed, “You’re the first today, thank you very much. See you again!” I laughed too, and thanked her as she gave the table a quick wipe.
It beats upon my neck
She sends you out to buy her spring-fresh extra-light panty liners with wings (+5)
Kaboom
After all 7 were completed, I headed back into the garage and got to work. I don't have any in-progress shots of this because Brad wasn't home, but here is the basic process: thread the needle, attach a washer to the end, push it through the hole and through the button, come back through the same hole, pull it tight, use a staple gun to hold the thread down, and wrap back around through the washer and around the staple to secure. After breaking the threads a couple times from pulling too hard, I double threaded my needle (so there was 4 strands). Make sure to push the needle through as straight as possible, so your buttons stay level.
White/cream/chipboard
The No Rules Handbook for Writers felt a little suffocated by its own fixed structure, its own narrative. A book about breaking the rules should break some itself, and in the end I felt that the format of the book was trapping some of the thoughts within it.
Then police reports about the injuries to the back of his head turned out to be true.
3) They sand about what God had done (and was going to do!)
“In the case of Teoh Beng Hock, it is undoubtedly clear that the adequate recourse and appropriate venue are provided by the law for cases of this nature,” he said.
- Paw Paw : a very big one
And I PROMISE you...it did not disappoint. I fell in love all over again. With all of it. It took me back in time and it was amazing to see the perspective of the band. Now that I am old as dirt, it all looks different now. Just a bunch of young, long-haired boys who truly want to make great music that means something to them. A pivotal moment is the previously unseen footage of the band performing "Crown of Thorns" as a tribute to Andy Wood, the lead singer of Mother Love Bone, who died from a heroin overdose before the band could even release it's album. I loved to hear the band re-tell those times with Andy before music exploded out of Seattle. Eddie Vedder agreed to perform the song on their 10 year anniversary as a band, and it was an epic and moving tribute.
8 ) At this point, most of my sleeve was soaking wet. I wrestled the handle on my own for the next few minutes, but it was like a Three Stooges movie in there. I was attempting to screw the handle back into the top of the faucet, but the water wouldn’t let me get that close, so I pressed my hand over the faucet to decrease the pressure and get the handle on there a little bit at a time, but it didn’t work either.
tippets (boa), pelerines (A broad collar-like cape which covers the shoulders.) & muffs – warming aids, but also fashionable
Emotions and tensions were building. Why? I'm not sure. A multitude of things probably.
Amy is fine living in the shadows of beautiful Lila and uber-cool Cassie, because at least she's somewhat beautiful and uber-cool by association. But when their dates stand them up for prom, and the girls take matters into their own hands, earning them a night in jail outfitted in satin, stilettos, and Spanx. Amy discovers even a prom spent in handcuffs might be better than the humiliating rehabilitation techniques now filling up her summer. Worse, with Lila and Cassie parentally banned, Amy feels like she has nothing -- like she is nothing.
Wanting to leave a legacy in this world.
He smiled (the English one) and said ‘thank you, have a good day’ and, with his little French companion, left the premises.
Is that crazy? Does that show how much I want to see it and how ANNOYED I am that it will take another TWO MONTHS to get here?
I like being an organized person. I love it when my house is clean, when I know exactly where my favorite pen is because it's in the same place I always put it, and when my writing is outlined.
I feel I need to be honest here. Basically, well.. I've never liked Joss Whedon.. So I don't honestly care when he kills off his own characters. He can kill off as many Buffy characters or Firefly characters as he likes. I never got into Buffy, Angel, Serinity, Dollshouse or any of his other series. I don't care about Cabin the woods or his run on Spider-man. I simply dislike the guy, his writing style, his penchant for including random show tunes, and most importantly I dislike the feel of his work. I liked Avengers in spite of Joss Whedon, not because of him. (I feel exactly the same way about everything Tim Burton has done since Batman).
And this was my review for iPilot. Huge, I know. But I kinda had to make it like this, being the first episode, most of the details had to be explained.
Sheesh. Brilliant Shelley, Brilliant.
Equity Offering 13
* The Northern Music Hall by G J Mellor 1970 Published by Frank Graham
One of my favorite band. ViViD<U+2605>
Let's do this meditation-style: picture yourself in a dense forest, deep in the heart of Vermont, where maple syrup is like liquid gold. Got it? Alright. Now teleport yourself to the South, surrounded by mounds of pecan. Tasty, right? Now try to be in both places at once, covered in a flaky pie crust and topped with dark chocolate chunks (this is you we're talking about).
music spelled wrong not song
With a high pressure system sitting squarely above Ohio, the weather here in Paradise has been just below the Blast Furnace level. So I though I would have an early brew day, starting at 6 am, and brew when it was cool. Unfortunately, it was 79°F with 85% humidity.
I haven't often been bombarded with unexpected emotion through this whole thing... I mean, I've been bombarded with emotion, but not with something that I hadn't either been told to expect or had thought of before hand. Wednesday night at church was my first experience with said bombardment.
Trust me it does not go to the very top…
362 **4. “How to Read a Platonic Dialogue.” Greek Star, Chicago, Illinois, July 17, 2003, p. 8, July 24, 2002, p. 8. (Source: Item D-III/2/2001, below.)
The black and white photo became the cover of the August 27, 1945 issue of LIFE magazine and it became the most reproduced during that time.
We all love Summer, but we don’t love what it means for our skin. A lot of prep goes into making our limbs look soft, smooth and blemish free in time for the days when jumpers and tights can be buried in the back of our wardrobes. So when my very good friend had some great products to try that promise to scrub away dull Winter skin I of course, opened up a guest blog post spot just for her!
Either you get it or you don't.
Not, I've found, the writing for work that requires I abide by the 'understated' tone of the organisation and get three different approvals for every paragraph posted on the website. I need real writing. The kind that streams from the movie in your head, that sings with emotion, vibrates with your soul. I need to work on my damn book. It's 4:30 am--I've been up since a 3:30 baby feed--but it's taken me this long to psych up for a blog post. Will I even open my manuscript before the baby wakes for the day or I decide to steal a few more minutes sleep? Why do I delay?
And for my wife, I can't post some of the things I'm getting her on here because she might read it, but I'm handmaking a few arts-and-crafts type things for her to show my love and devotion.
A few years after receiving my generic bachelor's, I returned to school to obtain a certification to teach English as a Second Language. I slugged my way through some hard-core linguistics classes, still believing Shakespeare would be harder, and eventually got a job teaching at a public middle school. A few years later, I transferred to the high school level, delighted to be assigned the upper-level ESL kids (i.e., those almost ready to "graduate" from the program into mainstream classes). But there was a catch: In order for the students to receive English, not merely elective, credit for the classes, the teacher had to be certified in Grades 6-12 English Language Arts in addition to ESL.
Level 16: 32% chance to deal 140% damage after an attack.
For me, there is something rather thin about the characterization in this story. Certainly, The Great Gatsby is a much shorter book than, say, Middlemarch or The Pursuit of Love, however, I think Fitzgerald’s story would have done better to be a little longer and spend more time addressing the characters. Take Daisy, for example, I never felt that I really knew or understood Daisy – and she is, arguably, the most important female character in the story. Indeed, as I have said, I found most of the characters in this story extremely hard to understand and, thus, even harder to relate to. Don’t get me wrong, I did enjoy reading this book, but not for my usual reasons. Normally if I enjoy a book it has well-drawn characters, strong depictions of the dynamics at play between two people and an insight into society in general. I did not find these things in my reading of The Great Gatsby.
At the Hours the Paschaltide Doxology is sung with all the Office hymns, the antiphons of Lauds are sung with the Dominical psalms in the usual order. At Prime the festal psalms are sung (Ps. 53, 118i & 118ii), the Dominical preces are omitted and the short lesson is Humiliavit semetipsum.
Paper-All Seasons 1 pack by The Paper Studio, solid cardstock is CM
Who are you fooling?
between our two countries. In this specific case we have made clear
And then we built the space shuttles. Possibly the most complicated machines the world has ever known, the shuttles had no equal. We sent them into space 135 times, trusting their ability to keep up to 7 people alive. We’ve brought them safely back to earth.
It has to be essentially the most amazing criminal timepieces ever produced, as it will take care of shooting what you really are Spying on and creating it. You can also have a few still shots with it. All you have to do is demand the watch for 3 working hours and you’re simply completely ready in your latest work.
With a surface of 8.511.965 Km., Brazil is the fifth state of the world for its extension. Besides Chile and Ecuador, it is adjacent to another state of Suramérica. It has four geographical types of area. The long sandy coast of the Atlantic Ocean, the amazon basin that welcomes the biggest jungle in the planet; the central plateau so call Planalto Brasileiro; and the depression of the Paraguayan basin to the southeast. Brasilia is the fascinating capital, a tourist city in form of airplane within the amazon jungle.
The tree saw the beautiful flowers blooming freshly in the garden. It saw itself, and wished that they had left it in the darkest corner of the garret. It thought of its own young days in the deep woods, and of the merry Christmas Eve, and of the little mice who had been so pleased when it told them the story of Humpty-Dumpty.
So where exactly does the happily ever after go? At the end of the novel.
1/4 c fresh lemon juice
Work got backed up, of course, while I was gone (seriously, it was only THREE DAYS, people). My body feels fat and bloated from all of that rich food we ate up there. I've done a fairly good job of getting back to Egg Beaters and chicken breasts - free and yummy trip to The Melting Pot last night notwithstanding - but finding time to really exercise has become challenging.
"The War Wagon" - 1967
10. Did I mention that my NKOTB DVD is on it's way? Cuz that REALLY makes me happy!
It's not her fault.
5. Have you started Christmas shopping? Decorating? Listening to Christmas music?
Good-bye
As the buzz grows louder around words like ‘placemaking’ and ‘creative economy,’ it’s interesting to see the ways that cities vary in the authenticity of their efforts to embrace these concepts. While some communities take the approach of re-branding existing efforts to contort themselves into a creative placemaking mold (particularly when there’s grant money on the table), Salem, MA appears to be responding particularly proactively. That North Shore city of some 40,000 just received a $25,000 grant through the “Our Town” program of the National Endowment for the Arts (an opportunity we posted in January’s newsletter) to fund a public art master plan. The resulting plan is intended to focus on integrating public art in an existing pedestrian mall while making improvements to traffic patterns and parking.
Hershey and Penelope will be available on Paris show, if sold, they will for sure be missed !:)
with humility
So here’s to living in the best of all possible times…despite the worst of all possible stories dominating the media. — L.
This PP is awesome to fussy cut! I really loved working with it. Don't forget to sign-up to see my
The Internet
In 15 years of marriage we have finished degrees, moved between states(WI/MN to KS, MI, WI) and a year in Strasbourg, France. There were internships/residencies, and then jobs we loved and didn't love. We decided to grow our family, there were miscarriages, and then 3 pregnancies and birthing 3 beautiful boys in 5 years. And then in our 11th year we began our journey into adoption and brought home our daughter from Ethiopia. There have been wonderful furry little souls (Porter the Pug, BlueBoy) that we have loved, snuggled with and said good-bye to. We purchased several homes, each of which we worked hard on, loved and made memories in. We have lived on loans, and very small pay checks, pinched pennies and recycled cans (10cents a can) in Michigan to make ends meat. We have played hard and lived/ traveled around the world, with 2 small children. We have yelled and cried, made mistakes and resolved to do better. We have grown some gray hairs and began some lines on our faces, hopefully more from smiling.
Howard recounts how local newspaper reporters interviewed blacks all over town, but could not find a single one who expressed any sorrow or sympathy for the victims. In fact, black San Franciscans were angry! After all, weren’t police focusing solely on black men? One black newspaper reporter even sought to embarrass police officials at a press conference, by insinuating that they should not be focusing on black men. In a show of common sense that today could spell career suicide, a police official reminded the scribe that all of the suspects were black men.
I hope the officials for Saturday’s game are better. They could not be worse.
The next half of the book is literally blah blah blah: let’s film Katniss visiting people in hospitals and…. oh wait, an attack where she can shoot down hovercrafts! Let’s take her to District 2 to chill while the Capitol stronghold there is seized and, oh wait, Katniss steps out into battle to be a star again. Gale loves her, but she doesn’t seem to love anyone. Instead, she loves being cared for and babied. Some heroine.
It’s time to pull your most fabulous red dress out of your closet and wear it proudly! To learn more about Go Red for Women, please visit The American Heart Association.
The current levels of public concern about various environmental problems are essentially unchanged from 2010. However, Americans are less worried today than they were 10 years ago about all eight issues Gallup measured in 2001. The decline over the past decade spans a period when the public often expressed surging concern about terrorism, the Iraq war, gas prices, and the economy.
“They warn you about coping with all kinds of scary scenarios – things like having a gun put to your head.
Brewed: 04-16-2009
I repeat, archaeology is one of the most important fields for the understanding of ourselves, and better yet, the betterment of ourselves, so that we may have better and brighter futures.
My therapist said she has seen so many couples at this stage. She said he has heard his wake-up call, and now we have to see what happens. She said some people choose to leave when given the call. He did not, he is begging forgiveness. She said some people really do change after they get the call, that they really were sleep-walking through life. She said some people try for a few weeks and return to all the comfortable bad habits. She said I need to be the “Show Me State”. I laughed at that. But it is true. Show me don’t tell me.
You know, I just might miss that woman.
Beer Pairing: Barley Wine
ABRIDGED Audio CD, 0 pages
Your vote matters, your voice matters, your view matters, your involvement matters! They build upon each other. Your involvement will strengthen your view, your involvement and your view will strengthen your voice. All three will strengthen your vote. Your vote will strengthen your involvement and it all will start over again. Day after day, year after year they will continue to grow if you get involved. Or you can be one of those people who just say, “Why bother?” Why bother, because it matters!
the grand opening will be taking place.
So thank you, Dear Concerned Cousin. I love you. I appreciate the examination opportunity brought to me by your pushing of my buttons. May my pushing of your buttons bring about great joy and love for you and yours.
Tailored is a members-only platform where brides not only discover new brands and up-and-coming designers, but also get personalized recommendations on products and services based on their taste, budget, and wedding-planning needs. The personalized experience begins at sign-up with a quick and easy interactive quiz. Unlike other inspirationally-driven platforms, all of the items and services that are shared on Tailored can be purchased, allowing users to easily buy the items that are inspiring them. With over 160 affiliates, Tailored will offer the largest wedding catalog online – proud to feature products from such national retailers as Macy’s, Bloomingdales, The Knot, and Sandals Resorts, among many others!
What is the craziest thing to date that God has called you do to this point in your life?
For the aircraft business, “it’s even further down that continuum,” Donnelly says. “If you are in the country and you’re finishing final assembly on Sovereigns, you’re not going to see a country suddenly pop out with a Sovereign look-alike.”
I did do a number of projects that were more stimulating than cleaning and scrubbing floors. One of them was to iron the new dining room chair covers I bought two weeks ago and get them on the chairs.
“Jesus Christ is above all rule, authority, power and dominion, every name invoked, over every title bestowed in this age and the next. God has placed all things under His feet and anointed Him as Head over all things for His gathered assembly (A Headship that is exercised throughout His gathered assembly). This gathered assembly is His body, the fullness of Him who fills All in All.” Paul of Tarsus, Ephesians 1:22-23
Today is the day that I'm turning on the Christmas music and I'm going to decorate the tree. I need to come up with my game plan to bake cookies (who doesn't love cookies as a gift? Raises hand. Then the other.) I have some ambitious ideas for other edible gifts. But, I'm not saying what they are. Just in case I run out of steam. If I don't accomplish my goals, well gift cards are a wonderful solution. But, first, I need a hearty breakfast so that I don't eat the cookies, I'm about to bake.
Well, off to catch up on emails... okay, who am I kidding... I'm going to read some, promise mentally to reply, and then fall into bed anyway.
Downside? It felt like it took forever to read, because there were just SO MANY stories. And sometimes they got so insanely descriptive I had to re-read a few pages just to make sure I understood what was being said. Also, it ends on a cliffhanger.
Ugh, I don’t really care if you call it marriage or civil unions or serving-at-the-altar-of-disco, you have to give two consenting adults in a committed relationship the same rights as everyone else. It civilizes people. It makes them less paranoid and angsty. It is ultimately good for society. Until that happens, gay people will always be screwed. It’s simple, really, $500 vs. $11,900. So simple even an idiot can understand it.
Chuck
love is LOVE
The following paragraph was sourced from farmitracker, who were one of the first online media sites to report the incident after receiving verification from a SA Police spokesman at Griekwastad:
113 5. “Federal Prosecutions and American Politics: A Note of Caution.” Chicago Tribune, April 22, 1973, sec. 2, p. 3. See Item D-V/2/1973, below.
Without any kind of conscious control over my actions, and relying purely on instinct/adrenaline, I grabbed Shane’s tiny body and flung her clear across the condo. She must have flown ten feet into the kitchen area. I believe she landed hard against the entertainment center.
So, if you have not used Live View for landscape photography, I highly recommend it. Live View is not for all situations, but it certainly should be a tool that you use for set pieces and places where you can use a tripod and take your time to compose and execute a finely made landscape photograph. To see more of our photographs, please go to www.pamphotography.com.
I cried and carried on all the way from the prep room to the room where the lumbar puncture was to take place. The technician told me to get it together and calm down and be still, that they couldn’t do the procedure if I was moving even the least little bit. Jimmy explained that I have a panic disorder and was without medication. The tech replied that “That’s okay, but she needs to calm down.” Yes, and diabetics can control an insulin coma by willing themselves to feel better. Asshole.
This conversation usually begins with actor being defeated by the casting conditions in New York and L.A.; being tired of struggling, being tired of rejection, and feeling they’ve not made any progress. There are plenty of actors in most communities in the country with no expectation of being in movies or television or on Broadway. They are regional and/or community theater actors and there is a nobility in what they do. It’s noble because it gives the community artistic energy. It’s noble because they join a family in their community. It’s noble because they’re passionate about it.
You also claim that only a minority of teachers will be effected. Does that mean our union leaders effectively created separate classes of employees. Will we be able to collectively bargain now based on these classes? How does one not affected get to negotiate on the issue?
Pink necklace - Goodwill
I was telling my wonderful eldest cub, Mim, about this song yesterday and it dawned on me that I should spread it around. Lambchop's head-honcho, Kurt Wagner, originally recorded 'Give It' with UK dance duo X-Press 2 and you can find it one their (ahem) 'greatest hits' set, Raise Your Hands. Now I come to think of it, I think I did include a brief clip of the tune from the 'Chop's Bristol show in March in my review of the gig. It's good that the band are continuing to conclude their set with it as it makes a fine end to a perfect evening. Note also how Kurt turns it into a cover of Talking Heads' 'Once In a Lifetime'. Cool. Mr. Wagner as snake charming southern primitive Baptist preacher.
I won’t ever take the easy way out
I have often asked the question, is government inherently stupid? Well, I don’t think government is inherently stupid, but it’s a debatable question, but what government is government doesn’t get the same signals that your local bank gets.
Q: What is your expectation of college life?
I've got round to updating the map - sorry about that, I forgot about it for about a year. It's mainly useful for the regular events in London, but I've included the ones further afield, or that I've only been to once, because it's just kind of fun to have a picture of where I've been.
Central Jakarta
Akira Kurosawa's Dreams
It was the end of Summer 2008. I’d had a bit of a year. A lengthy period of ill health had kept me off work for four months. My wonderful father in law had passed away. I had returned to work, eased back by performing a new less challenging role to protect my fragile state of mind. My confidence was low. The ability to enjoy life had become a challenge. My family and friends had suffered great concern for me. I struggled to cope with guilt for the worry I had caused them. But, by the end of the Summer I was starting to emerge. Slowly regaining the characteristics which made me the person people knew. I’d taken the tablets, talked things through, put ‘stuff’ in order. I was beginning to live again.
The cemetery’s stark simplicity combines with its beauty to provide much to ponder about the human cost of war and the common humanity of the men and women who serve in the military of every nation. As John McCutcheon puts it in his song, “Christmas in the Trenches“:
First, they are no longer frightened of the police. Spare me the idea that they shouldn’t be, and that the police are a service and not a force. It was, as so often, patrician liberals who decided a generation ago to transform the cops from tough but fair enforcers of the law into politically correct social workers, composed of sufficient women and minorities to make NDP candidates feel comfortable. Teens and students know the worst that will happen to them if they act like animals, is a stroke and a telling off.
I did not mean too but I got ahead of her by 15 feet. I should have known not to leave her alone and I guess she forgot we were in a five story open air rotunda.
BubTar started tennis lessons this month. The school district offers a program where elementary kids go to the local high schools and learn a little tennis from the coaches and students, probably with the hope they will want to join the program when they get to high school. Oliver! was at this campus and BubTar's student instructor was in the play with him AND remembered him. He loved that. He isn't a very sporty kid, but so far, he likes tennis.
The makers of this game were influenced by the popular claw game at casinos. The installation required the players to use a foot-pedal and gear-knob to control the claw in real time. It is one of the most advanced projection mapping I have seen lately. Players have to pick up the Chevy Sonic to win the car. People who pick up the gift boxes instead of the car win some cool prize other than the car of course. I wonder if any of these other prizes involved a track day or a visit to the factory to see how the car is made, basically a prize that engages the users to find out more about the car effortlessly and makes it easier for them to take decision to buy the car. Financial prizes involving price – off, reduced interest rates etc. will certainly help to gain customers.
If I was lucky I was able to get everything out on the clothes line by 11:30 and it was already later than I usually started making lunch. It usually took an hour to prepare a meal if the oil stove was used so laundry days required simple things that didn't need to be cooked long. I would pile the dirty breakfast dishes into the sink and have a half decent meal on the table by the time LV came in from the fields.
I cannot admit this Machiavellian answer because it is too implausible. I am in a word, prepared to allow the possibility of sincere and honest radicalism. It is suggested that the real answer lies again in the by now familiar phenomenon of attitude-behaviour discrepancy (Ray, 1971d ). If one may for a moment wax anecdotal, on occasions I have, when talking with young Maoists and others of the more 'revolutionary' (and minuscule) Left in Australia, often had the experience of hearing their actions and creed justified by talk that boiled down to something being 'just wrong' or 'basically unjust' (cf. Bedford, 1970). When giving my reply to this: 'But I don't believe that there's any such thing as Right and Wrong', the typical answer was initially a rather long silence followed by: 'But I don't either'. This would then be followed by some sort of attempt by other arguments to persuade me to feel as the revolutionary did about the fancied 'injustice'. The conversation always terminated in the revolutionary realising that he was speaking to someone who just did not get angry about the same things he did. This caused complete (if sometimes polite) cessation of further interaction. The radical, then, although he would on serious reflection reject out of hand the notion of an objective Right, does find in the heat of debate no language more appropriate to express his feelings than the language of Right and Wrong. Once out of his armchair, the radical is as moralistic (if not more so) as the reactionary. His abstract conclusions about the nature of Right have not penetrated far or deeply into his everyday behaviour or thinking. Underneath it all, he is still working with the same sort of assumptions as the reactionary. The point at issue is always what is right, not whether anything is right. If then to some the radical appears an especially moralistic person, this is to be understood as showing that he is a person who feels especially deeply about certain social phenomena and, as a consequence, he has more need of the language that is traditionally appropriate to expressing such feeling and which has most efficacy in inspiring others to feel similarly. The danger of course is that if the radical talks as if there were an absolute Right and Wrong he might, given the opportunity, act as if there were also. We all know the pitiless oppression that can result (e.g. the Spanish inquisition, Stalinist Russia) when men believe that they act in the name of Right. Thus alone can inhumane acts be justified in the name of humanity and mercy.
The case is full of strange objects, an assortment of letters and papers
Earlier albums gave us classics like Human Slug, Transvestite Blues, and Pickled And Preserved to name just a trio that scarred the heart for blissfully ever. The new album adds to the list with the mighty black wickedness of Devil Says Kill, the menacing Heads On A Pole with rhythms that see walls crumble and enemies run in fright, and the outstanding Lucky Charm, a song that plunders the senses with punchy rhythms and riffs which command and taunt. With the best song on the album The Life I Live adding to the deep quality and fun this is an album that Demented Are Go were always destined to make. Like the album, The Life I Live has a swagger to it, a mischievous glint in the eye and satanic grin that is addictive from the moment the opening intermittent guitar strikes beckon with their steely fingers. It has a reflective feel, a personal heart, and a defiance that says this is how it is just deal with it.
11. New Piano Song
“You crazy birthday is club! Wishes are of goodness to man who in club”
Classification of hop varieties is complicated by the fact that hops were often sold on the basis of where they were grown, as East Kent Goldings still are today irrespective of which Golding variety they are.
Monday, March 21 - Myer Horowitz Theater - Edmonton, ALB
built-in cupholder and key tray
Everything you are and everything around you is always telling you the opposite of what you are trying to convince yourself of.
Sunday - destination and activity yet to be determined with a bodybuilder who also goes to my gym and often does cardio on the treadmills right by the yoga room so I can see his face in the mirror. I'm hoping this second date will be less of an interview, like the first one was. He's totally my type though - tall, dark and handsome with a killer body and NO KIDS or ex wives. I may also try to fit an afternoon date in on Sunday as well, because you know...go big or go home.
Lots more to come!
LEARNING FOR DEVELOPMENT:
Wavves and Best Coast go hand in hand lately. This is the surf-punk title-track from Wavves' latest and greatest LP so far.
And for those of you who are wondering, they did find cavities. Don't drink 2 liter bottles of Mt. Dew in one day, kids.
It has been around 3 years ago now when Equal Money Was First Mentioned to me. There is now Hundreds, if not thousands of videos and documents available for research as well as a website, and The First Two Volumes of The Equal Money Book has recently been completed and made available at EQAFE.com
I recently received Regret Free Parenting: Raise Good Kids and Know You're Doing it Right by Catherine Hickem. The book was well-written and easy and quick to read. However, I did not enjoy it.
I used the "It's Valentines" stamp set from K. Andrew Designs. Remember that Kristal's stamps are made here in the USA and that a portion of the proceeds from each set is donated to charity. You can purchase this great set of stamps by clicking on the image below.
Developed in partnership between both agencies, this curriculum is the latest offering in the FDIC’s award-winning Money Smart program.
By Friday night there were easily 2000 people at prayers. Surprisingly, I noticed a spot near the front and settled in, laying my songbook, scripture sheet, journal and reading glasses in a little patch of rug in front of me. We are nothing if not territorial. Someone nearby— someone very nearby— was ripe with epic B.O. I tried not to let it distract me, to think divine thoughts as the odor of a man— it had to be man— wafted across my prayer path. I couldn’t bring myself to look, thinking instead, compassionate thoughts about the long journey he must have driven to get here, the culture of hygiene being different wherever he was from, the obstacles to showering in Taize; still, did he ever stink. I considered moving but the church had already grown so full that they had opened the first set of industrial doors— an ingenious construct that adapted to intimate gatherings or massive celebrations— to expand the space.
I just needed to put it out there, like so many before me.
"But what about Montessori?" you ask. The Montessori method proposes that the focus is on the child, that the child learns with little interruption from the teacher (director), that children have rights, and that children should not be subjected to measurements like grading and testing. Well, that sounds pretty autodidactic and unschoolish, doesn't it? Except that all of those "autodidactic freedoms" occur within a rigidly controlled environment.
Embossing on sun, clouds and water: Cuttlebug
It is very difficult to write an engaging story around a message, which is why there are very few that people, and children especially, read for fun. Books with messages do not always get enjoyed because the message is the center of the story, as opposed to the adventure itself. This is why children are not reading The Giver outside of schools. When people want to read a book for fun, they do not always choose the one with the heavy meaning behind it. Remember, however, that I do not speak for everyone, only for myself. Some people do read these books, and I congratulate them. However, books written for their stories (and not their messages) tend to get a better response.
Chic Sale was perhaps pre-eminent in that line (he actually used the expression “landsakes” in conversation), but he was also important for another reason. He has been called “the greatest character comedian in vaudeville”. He was a sort of one man Winesburg, Ohio, essentially playing enough characters in his act to represent the key citizens of a small town. One thinks of him as a sort of Jonathan Winters of the vaudeville era.
Last, and perhaps most listenable (well, you'll listen to it at least once), is a later effort from The Korn Kobblers, late enough that it's actually credited to Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers. I'm not sure exactly when that happened, but this is the only record I've seen where they're listed as his sidemen. The Korn Kobblers where similar to Spike Jones in many ways, but not nearly so popular. You'll get all sorts of sounds in here, including a bit of Donald Duck. And how can you go wrong with a polka? This is Stanley Fritts And The Korn Kobblers-Rudolph The Red-Nosed Reindeer b/w Santa Claus Polka (MGM 7" 45 RPM K60005, Mono, 1950). Enjoy!
Yup, last Thursday, I reached absolute burnout and I realised there were other things I was also neglecting.
Enter my friend, Cindy. After telling her why I was upset, she could have simply said “sorry to hear about it” and changed the subject in an attempt to avoid all the negativity I was spewing that day, but she didn’t. She listened patiently to my rant…laughed a little about the unloved/unwanted part…then proceeded to point a few things out. The news could’ve been a lot worse…the thing that I needed most to work out, did…and the other two things aren’t insurmountable. They might require me to make some changes in my life, but there are others who are facing far worse situations.
Rating 12
I am pushing ahead, as always. I am going to find ways to cope. I am going to add another post. I am going to get where I am going. And I will always, always, always, do everything I can for my children. They are my heart and soul.
When things aren’t working, you have to try something different. We all know the saying…
I for one love them! My daughter Melanie was born on one ... and I know three people who have their birthday today ...Deb & Moe from work ... and my dear sis Nadine! Hope you all had a great day!
Fresh tomatoes, diced
so i decided to switch my fabric stacks with my w.i.p.'s.
Weeks pass. over a month. Unis often work on a monthly pay system - but no - nothing. So I queried again... and yes, it would be paid soon, it was in the pipeline.
While I do have a few sampling notes on cigars to talk about (including nice Canadian editions as well as a tasting of Davidoff Puro Doro at an event in Taormina), I would like to talk about my travel humidour in this post - and if any of you has got some good tip on how to carry around their cigars when travelling, I'm clearly all open to new suggestions. It can in fact be problematic to carry around good cigars with you. Leather case or other tubes may not be enough if you are out for a little while. It is for this reason that I decided not long ago to invest in a very useful travel humidour, shown in the pictures below.
I also love the floating leaves. Okay so I don't really see the leaves as being significant to the story but they look so pretty and I love it.
Witnesses in the Champion case have told his parents he might have been targeted because he opposed the culture of hazing they say has long existed in the band, the parents’ attorney has said. It has also been suggested to them that he was targeted because Champion was gay and a candidate for chief drum major.
It's only you that can decide what life you're gonna get
1 shadow
5) toban jan (that really hot, red paste that you use to make Mabo Dofu)
I’m away to make baked bean pasta. I’m hoping it’s nice and if it is I’ll post the recipe.
Yoochun hug me. I flinched. “Mianhae… I can’t let you die, Su… I love you to much… Mianhae for my selfishness…”
In ten years, the ICC has managed to prosecute one man; and a man from Africa at that. What of the most dangerous War Criminals in the world? What of the murderers of ordinary people in Serbia (in the Albanina-occupied province of Kosovo-Metohija)? What of the butchers of Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia, Libya? What of those who have ordered the drone attacks over Pakistan? What of the murderers of Palestinians in their own lands? What of the real architects of 9/11, 7/7, Bali, Madrid? What of the software engineers who created the Stuxnet virus which has caused deaths in Fukushima, Japan, which will only become known in years to come?
So, change your bookmarks and see you over at my domain. Take care!
I managed to find the spell Levitate for Thrall in Kelethin. I had been unable to find it in Freeport and we are a long way from Qeynos. The vendors in Kelethin also seemed to be much more favorably disposed towards Tistann and Thrall compared to the reception in Kaladim.
Nigeria losing such positions is the
Iván Meade – Your website mentions that you started your own firm after becoming pregnant with your first daughter, have your children inspired your work/career in any other ways?
“We (men) would rather lose an arm out a city bus window than tell you simply, “You’re not the
I am now one of those people who are blogging about a slimming journey. I’m sure you’re thrilled!
After another minute or two, one of the workers tracked down the girl's mother. "You have to watch her," the woman said. "She's just running around the whole store. You can't let her do that."
I started reading Daniel today. It has long been one of my favorite books.
I have contact not only with Keith but also with a number of others who have obtained my mobile number. Suffice it to say, texting with the MDs made it clear to me that I definitely do not want to be anything other than a ‘friend’ to all of them. Besides it’s likely that they’re being friendly (or flirty or both) to me because of drinks they hope to obtain when the girls and I return. I have no illusions that anything is genuine at this point. If it is, time will tell. If not, I’m not going to be surprised.
Bare feet! BARE FEET! WoW!
The weather here has been an absolute pleasure this week - sunny but not stifling hot, and with the slightest breeze.
This picture is kind of fuzzy but I thought it was a cute one of my mom with Ezra. I love it when babies drape their arm over yours like that.
1 x Concealer
please don't forget we are a multi craft blog so you may make anything you like so long as it fits the challenge theme
Jo Mills, director of planning and new communities, said the parish council had complained there were 408 caravans north of the A14, and only 58 to the south.
10. Desmond Tutu, cleric and Nobel Peace Prize winner (1931 - )
Then on 14 June 2011 armed Maoists attacked Sori’s 70-year-old father’s house, shot him in the leg, and ransacked his home. On September 9, Lingaram and Sori were both charged with couriering money from Essar to the Maoists and Lingaram was arrested.
Assured of lifetime benefits under two policies and benefits through age 65 from the other two, Dr. Richter then felt confident about modifying his activities within the group practice. Although his earnings were reduced, he was simultane­ously receiving tax-free “total disability” benefits as a disabled gastroenterologist, which allowed him to make only minimal changes in his lifestyle while still main­taining sufficient income to sustain his previous standard of living.
And two more scraggly looking Rhode Island Reds that are as cockeyed crazy as my originals but should be a nice addition to our flock that now numbers 16.
Bru is getting older and usually just supervises. "Over that way! No, over there! Hurry, go go!"
The other to-do that has plagued me in the nursery was art for the crib wall. Originally I was going to do wallpaper, then wallpaper panels, then a vinyl decal, then 3 framed prints...but nothing ever felt quite right. So finally I just decided that I'd rather try my hand at some fun cartoony art than leave the largest wall in the room blank. I was completely inspired by local artist Keith Norval who's art has always struck me as being perfect for a kid's room. His work is amazing and I would have loved a big, original statement piece for the room. Sadly though his work is pretty much perfect, the price tag was not perfect for us.
He was recently sacked from a state body over his report on water safety.
As the priest urged them to stand, her eyes widened, and took in the priest, and the altar. She felt its cloth, could feel the warmth of the candles. Beyond that she saw and felt the full horror of Christ on the Cross. She lost her breath entirely and grabbed the pew in front with both hands. Then she fell. The weight of the cross on her back. Her mother stooped to help her up.
And by the way, who paid for that surplus through those increased taxes? We did - the baby boomers who are now being accused of sucking the life out of the system.
Thanks for coming by! I really enjoyed playing with my Unity Stamps this week, and I'm excited to be able to give away a set to one lucky reader. All you have to do is leave a comment on any of this week's posts, and I'll pick a random winner this weekend. Make sure you leave a way for me to contact you!
‘use the buttons as eyes for my puppet’ – girl aged approximately 6 years old.
To make a short story long, they had a meeting, during which it was minuted that a. the shop was too far away and b. the crowd was too big and c. they had no money and d. the only food that could be found was on a little boy. They came with these minutes to the Master.
Still killing me slowly.
We all value trustworthiness.
First, there is a pretty nifty scene where Frank uses a firehose to beat the living tar out of a bunch of gun-toting bad guys. It's a Jackie Chan sort of scene, although I suspect much of it is done with computer animation and clever editing rather than actual props. Unfortunately, the climax of the scene completely breaks continuity with the entire fight that proceeded.
Take a Stitch Tuesday is a weekly embroidery challenge throughout the year by Sharon of Pin Tangle. You can read more about it here (or by clicking the TAST badge to the right).
OK, so I'm apparently all mixed up on dates. My IWSG post for December was posted here on November 30. Sorry about that! How hilarious is it that I didn't figure it out until December 8?
- Row (10-15)
This was a week of challenges...some have been dealt with and some are in process. Only one isn't started yet- but it's a fun one so that's okay...
Don't forget to check back later for our new challenge, which I am sure you are going to luv!
According to Katali, another Brazilian company, HRT Oil & Gas Ltd, has raised $1.3bn on the Brazilian stock market, with $300m earmarked for oil and gas exploration in Namibia.
Now story of baking. It's holiday for a week, time to entertain the children, especially my daughtern (6 y.o). She's a busy bee.. just like the mother.. so she needs to be kept occupied. This is then the result of our quality time, Banana Chocolate Waffles. Trust me, children love this soooo much!!!!
A chance to remind you of what you’re fighting for
Shop for jewelry, pottery, toys, art, clothing and imports.
The lunch room for this new office was located on the second floor of this hanger that is vivid in my mind but indescribable in the terms of words. I eat my lunch in silence while surrounded by the same burly sort of men as the original. They jest amongst themselves and flirt with me, but I either outright shun or disparage them for their affiliation. The Rugged Man from before is particularly virulent in his advances.
Gladys: So I take it by my lingo you can’t tell I haven’t been to a night club in a while. Do they still do the Hustle?
Add the remaining oil if necessary and stir-fry the garlic and red onion for 30 seconds or until the garlic is golden.
No matter how stealthy I am, Rosie sees the motion of my hand slipping into the treat bag, and she abandons the sock before I can say "Drop it!" She hears the crinkle of the plastic bag and is at my side, sitting nicely, long before I can say, "Come here!"
A mighty nation grows.
What if we gave it to kids as gifts?
We were a bunch of lunatics who had found each other via SCBWI.
Meet Nellie Lemon enjoying her holiday at the South Devon Holiday Camp in Paignton, South Devon, sometime in 1935. Not only is she blessed with the most delightful name, but she is captured at the perfect point mid-swing, her face reflecting the simple bliss of simple pleasures. In the sunshine. On holiday.
In February 2011 an Israeli flag was stolen when the local chapter of MIFF put up a stand in the city. Mehrnaz Bamdadsoofi was issued a fine of Nok 4000 for the theft of the flag, but this didn’t prevent her from participating in a new harassment campaign against MIFF in September last year.
Wifesy and I have moved together 4 times in the 4+ years we’ve been together. Needless to say, we are experts at it. By Thursday, I fully expect us to be settled and in working order in our new home. I’ve told Wifesy that after this move, I only want to move once more, into a house that we own. A house that – if we want to – we can stay in until death. I’m not sure my nomadic tendencies will even allow me to be in one place for that long. However, I’d like the option. I’d like the option of not having to move one more feckin’ box, ever again. I guess you can say, I hate moving. But, I don’t like to talk about hate. I like to talk about love…
The Jiriki Kata-Do definition of the three battles of Sanchin leads one to a more comprehensive, eclectic higher state whereby mind-body unification (Zen-Ken-Ichi) is a mere stepping stone. The highest human state is only achieved when the energy of the universe that is external to the human is united and synchronized with the mind-body energy of the human creature. Thus, the inadequate state of Zen-Ken-Ichi should be more completely expressed as Zen-Ken-Kenkon-Ichi, or, “Mind-Body-Universe are one.” Zen-Ken-Kenkon-Ichi is, therefore, a restatement of the three battles of Sanchin advocated by my dynamic ideology of Jiriki Kata-Do.
It’s just business.
Or the woe were not earthly woe 55
As an aspiring filmmaker, this struck a chord with me. I had never thought of journalism as a cinematic experience but with the growth of multimedia journalism, it really is possible. Up until this moment, I had never thought I could do what I love through journalism; Mark Stencel had just changed my mind. I have now been playing with the idea of a career in digital media. The Savelkoul video was moving and that’s what I’ve always wanted to do. I want to reach people and make them feel something. I’m so happy to have had this realization as a junior because now I still have some time to explore an internship in digital media and can expand my prospects when looking for a job in he coming months!
But after Acts 12, there is another apostle who comes into view. That is the apostle Paul, sent to be the Apostle to the Gentiles. To him was given the message of the grace of God. In Ephesians 3:2 we read,
Another poll (Politico-GW University) shows the exact same Romney lead over Obama. Since we are so far from election day, the most interesting and perhaps important numbers are the split with independents. Romney is out-polling Obama by double digits. The very factors that worked against him in the Republican primary are working for him with the general electorate.
YEAR:1991
again thank you so much for all your ideas, they were very helpful and inspirational !
"I would encourage all Catholics to apply critical thinking to this issue."
flip-flops
Today we are bringing you....
It's day five & I'm feeling a bit stressed out, although not from my challenge. So I did this page to work out my frustration.
Raw nuts and seeds are high in Vitamin E which is beneficial to the skin. Selenium keeps the skin elastic and can be found in garlic, onions and shallots.
Our guide exited the jeep just to show us.
Limski kanal
"Grabe ka (You're unbelievable)," A said. "Alam mo (You know what) … I know exactly what to call you... but since I'm a devout Christian I choose not to say the word."
And in this corner, we have...his four-year-old daughter!
Breakfast: 30g carbohydrates
It currently remains unclear if the carriages will be fully converted into the comfy Starbucks coffee house design or if they remain in the current design. Further plans for expansions on other rail lines or neighboring countries have not been announced yet.
Manufactured Home Forum
Her thinking was clear: surely this long line of friendly motorists wouldn’t mind while she took her time in crossing? After all, what’s the hurry? Who would begrudge Mum with her pram and a little one, too? And if the little one dropped his Bunnie and burst into tears and Mum had to set the pram on the brakes and do a comedy trot, remarkable for its tardy inefficiency, back to pick up Bunnie and squander a few seconds in comfort and reassurance, root around in her too-tight trews for a grubby hanky, well, who’s to mind?
When you break it all down, there were two primary reasons why I chose to "un-job." My decision was, in many ways, related to a quote I received from a friend a few years ago, who obviously sensed something in me that I was not yet ready to see clearly:
Hugo-"Should I?"
Well the first blog I ever read was Kelly Korner. I am sure that many of you have read her blog before I consider her Oprah of the blog world :) If you have not checked out her blog it is very inspirational.
1 teaspoon soda
For those of you new to me and my blogging, I currently make and sell jewelry and gem trees as well as I am the author of Gem Tree Sculptures. I don't sell my art which is watercolor and acrylic painting (yet), although you could lump my jewelry and gem trees into the category of art. Hubby and I just started last year taking photographs and that has been a blast. I get so many good ideas for my paintings from the photos as well as the beauty of the photos themselves.
Dead and Gone
Also, you may want to refresh the idea of cognitive dissonance which I described a while back in this post.
The summer's gone, and all the roses falling
MOVIE QUOTE: Karl: I like them French fried potaters.
Less slums, more farms.
but I awoke the next morning to the aroma of fresh coffee and bacon frying.
The visit to Scripps Institution of Oceanography in La Jolla was a huge highlight covering topics with scientists ranging from the North Pacific Gyre and the associated plastic garbage patch to climate change and the Keeling curve, the climate record that started it all by Scripps scientist Charles Keeling.
Press reports made much of the fact that Stephenson had a £12,000 stay in a health spa that the owners had 'forgotten' to give him a bill for. It's easily done, my workplace is always doing twelve grand's worth of work for a solitary client and then and absent mindedly neglecting to ask for payment. And a copper taking a massive freebie is in no way suspicious at all.
So what about after it has calmed down? How do we address the issues? You can't really fix the underlying causes by just throwing money at it, even if we had any. Sure, you need programs to train kids, give them some skills so that they can make an honest living. We have some of those, probably not enough. But you need something else. You need to remove the alternative. What we are dealing with is a society in which for a couple of generations now the most attractive option for those growing up with fuck all is criminality. Looking around me, all my life it's seemed the easiest, most lucrative thing for those on a low income to improve their situation is to start dealing drugs. The risk of a criminal record isn't enough to stop people tearing the streets apart by now, and I reckon it's at least partly because it hasn't been enough of a deterrent so far to stop them using drugs and/or the money they can get from dealing. It's understandable enough. Wouldn't you? Any attempt to escape the incredible stress of having no money to pay off bills and spiralling debts, while living in areas populated by people who are just as fucked up, and reacting in fucked up ways. Something our dear Prime Minister is probably never going to get his head around. I doubt he has a friend who spent a year struggling with addiction, running scared and refusing to get help because the illegality brings stigma and the possibility of losing their child. I bet he's never lived somewhere he has to work twice as hard as the cunts next door who seem to be having some kind of rave-up marathon, because they're dealing while he's feeling like more and more of a schmuck for getting a job.
Overall though Decas is a great and very enjoyable released and as a celebration of As I Lay Dying’s centenary is a more than worthy way to mark it.
The Rangers scored three unanswered goals in the third period.
Next, I look out my window and think I really should get to cleaning the moat … er, umm, pool today. Shake my head and tell myself that someday I will be able to hire a full-time pool boy, with the glistening body of Andonis, hair flowing like John Bon Jovi, with some exotic name like Sven or Mauricio…oops, did I go off topic? Okay, next I look at the huge mess that continues to pile up on my dresser and think that after writing one chapter I will tackle the mountain of papers and create some kind of logical filing system. Yep, right after I write that chapter. Next, I take a shower and go downstairs, and if not caught up in some conversation with my mom (yes…I do live with my mommy still! Well, she lives with me, and YES there is a difference). I might or might not find something to munch on, but a cup of ice water is a definite. I love to crunch ice. I then proceed up stairs and start writing that chapter, and if I do it right that could take all day. Boyfriend comes home from work, I read him my new chapter of awesomeness and amazement…watch to see if his eyes tear up…remind him this is purely FICTION and does not have any resemblance to our lives or events we have been through other than the fact that my characters breathe air and we breathe air, but the similarities end there!!! Then I go to sleep.
But could Elli throw her insecurities out the window and love Shea with everything inside of her? Or will she let a past relationship, and her family ruin any chance of her being happy? Would Ellie miss her shot at love?
Well we sent it over to a lovely chap across the road who loves restoring and doing up bikes. Whilst it was there I rummaged about on the internet to find its original colour and I also looked in family albums for the photo of my parents sitting on the bike on their wedding day, my Mum was only 18 in this photo :-) I am loving the fact that their wedding reception was in my Nan & Grandads garden along with tents put up for the party and guests to stay in afterwards.
I was feeling overall confident about how it has played out thus far until the death of this little girl rocked my world. Obviously kids can have completely separate lives from what their parents ever see. Her parents say there were no signs. I saw several status messages that referred to her committing suicide and that no one would care. Even worse, out of her over 100 friends on there, not one commented back that they did care or suggest she talk to someone or tell her parents! Why wasn't anyone paying attention?!?!?
Eventually I learned the basis for soup involves:
That's a very quick update as to what I've been up to in the last few weeks. Thanks for visiting my blog today and now I'm home again and well (was sick for two months this year), I hope to get back into some serious card making.
4. Shortage of lifeboats. Titan carried as ‘As few as the law allowed’ (24 lifeboats, less than half needed for her 3000 capacity) meanwhile Titanic carried as few as the Board of Trade regulations permitted (only 16 lifeboats, plus 4 Engelhardt folding lifeboats – less than half the number required for her passenger and crew capacity of 3000).
A river gauge near the Ouachita National Forest registered a rise of about 2.4m (8ft) in just one hour, the US Geological Survey said.
I am so much calmer in my life, and have scheduled cleaning time to keep on top of it all into my “working week”. I schedule my time each week so as I work productively each day, being specific as to the work I am doing or cleaning that needs to be done. Those doubting people out there YES I AM WORKING!!!
Fredric Wertham wasn't finished, though. With the media getting more interested, he takes the ball into his own hands. In the Saturday Review of Literature dated May 29, 1948, Wertham came out with guns blazing with “The Comics …Very Funny!”. Wertham now pushed his condemnation of comic books, specifically crime comic books, even further onto the public’s radar in a major article, a cover story written by Wertham himself.
Mamma Mia was simply shameful. It was all very karaoke…and not in a fun way. I could imagine other people liking this type of film, so I think that my view is just relative. It’s just not my cup of tea.
How sad. How sad that so many of us perceive that it is our right to withhold and grant freedoms to our children. How sad it is that so many of us fail to see that only through freedoms - freedoms which we, as parents, have no power to restrict or grant, but only to support and embrace - will our children fully learn a life lesson in all of its nuances and subtleties. But how wonderful that those of us who "get it", or are on the way to getting it, are graced with the inner beauty of the spirit of a child who is free to learn about their world and define in whatever way makes the most sense to them. And though we may sometimes falter or stumble along the way, it is a journey we make together, with our children, hand in hand, in respect and love and freedom, just the way it's supposed to be.
1 KRAFT Singles
Her: Oh ummm hi Tom, I’m Sarah.
"Wow, you are one crazy pregalo."
The cause of the sinkhole is unknown, but officials believe the dry weather conditions experienced in parts of the south could have contributed to the hole.
If it appears that Germany is faced with a non-cooperative France, then peace should be made in the east. The German fleets must quickly occupy the North and Norwegian Sea in face of the French threat. Germany must launch a three-prong attack. The armies hit Belgium and Burgundy, convoys should be made onto French-occupied England, and an out-flanking action through the North Atlantic and Clyde should be attempted. Here again infiltration through the French line is basic for success. The gains from France, in addition to previous gains, should be enough to guarantee the German victory.
Eric Larson
Now, lots of questions get raised with this whole revelation and I don’t want to delve too deeply into them now (the continuity stuff makes my head hurt at 3:30 in the morning), but the big one that seems to have gone begging to be asked in A GOOD MAN is this – if the Eye Patch Lady and the clerics stole Melody away to turn her into a weapon to stop the Doctor, why does everyone act like that threat is somehow neutralized? Their goal is to stop the Doctor and when River arrives in this very episode she tells the Doctor he’s got to stop walking the path he’s on or “who knows what you’ll become.” Seems like she’s still their weapon.
Star Wars - Taff style.
Lawmakers knew none of this.
Then this Saturday the 4th there is an indoor garage sale they call it , at the Holiday Inn expo convention center 10am-2pm. Last year head count was over 1100 people went through this event.
Hightac 3 $1.50 each
Did you do anything special for Valentines day?
The paprika adds to the color. It wasn't till I was reviewing the ingredients while dining that I remembered the paprika. It's easy to think the bright color is ALL on account of the bell peppers. The truth is, the paprika helps it out.
Read a lot – don’t be afraid of genres that you’re not necessarily into and be sure to get your nose into some of the classics and some nonfiction. The point of reading as a writer is to expand your universe, not to check up on what everyone else is doing and copy it. Write a lot, even if it isn’t publishable. You have to start getting in a groove and making mistakes so that you can see what works and where your comfort zone is. Live your life and say yes to opportunities – even a trip to the grocery store could give you an idea for how a character might behave. I feel like I know so much more about emotions than I did when I was in my teens and twenties since I’ve gone through that much more life – and I hope I’ll keep feeling the same way with the more time I get under my belt.
Could there be a disease process of which you are totally unaware going on right now? Sure. Arthritis is a disease process. I have patients that show me their hands and describe pain in their knuckles. I see enlarged joints from swelling. They are unaware they have arthritis. The same is true for the spinal joints. Pain is often the final notice that you have a problem.
Here are a few things that I learned last night-
In addition to detailed case studies, Justice Austin provides a broad view of tribal law, documenting the development of tribal courts as important institutions of indigenous self-governance and outlining how other indigenous peoples, both in North America and elsewhere around the world, can draw on traditional precepts to achieve self-determination and self-government, solve community problems, and control their own futures.
I love Paris. He hated it – and the “frogs” who called the lily pond home.
Isaiah 42:7
Anyway-again, what I think is useful for these sorts of things is a POLL (over in the right-hand margin). But I also like the comments section, because I like hearing people say the DETAILS of they do: "Well, for someone we don't know, I spend $x; but for close friends' kids, I spend more like $2x" or "I let my child choose a gift, and anything up to $20 is fine" or "We've been spending $30, but that was when we hardly went to any parties; now that the kids are getting invited to more, we have to cut it back to more like $15" or "I don't have a plan: sometimes I spend $5, sometimes I spend $40" or "It depends on the location of the party: if it's a home party I aim for $10, but if it's a big exciting place I aim for more like $25" or "Well, we MAKE gifts, so it's harder to figure out, but probably $5 for the materials, and the result is the equivalent of a $15 gift."
Michael Horn, 27, Lynbrook, N.Y.
Initiative 84, a proposed constitutional amendment that would require lenders to prove ownership of property before foreclosing on it, has passed another hurdle in its move toward legalization. On Friday, proponents and opponents met before the state title board to discuss its language, which made it through relatively unchanged. The next step, however, might prove the hardest.
Don't forget, we're on Facebook now! And we have updated graphics, thanks to Shauna L. If you have a button for us on your blog/site, please update it to the new one.
had improved. But I have to say I was most impressed by Henry Hopper as the credits rolled. He turned his character from a strange, ghost-talking, funeral crashing boy into a person who suffered death and overcame it but then had to suffer the passing of girl he loved so much. By the end of the movie Hopper had delivered a stunning and beautiful performance that I had thoroughly enjoyed.
It'll be interesting to see how this does in the position it is, a very seasonal business surely? And if you end up with drunks, trouble and more litter on the beach, they could be in for a lot of bad press blaming Brains whether they're responsible or not. We'll have to watch this (ugly) space.
-Dina Manzo, The Real Housewives of New Jersey
Welcome to DeNami's March Blog Hop! If you are following the blog hop, you must have come from Mirta Sanchez's wonderful blog! If you missed the previous blog stops, you can hop back over to the DeNami Blog to start from the beginning. You have until March 12th, 2012, 11:59pm PST to leave comments on all the blogs in order to be eligible to receive one of the two $20 DeNami gift certificates. Winners will be chosen randomly. Good luck!
I could add irritating, stiff, and forget a picnic with them. Now I understand I am not perfect (my family has no problem reminding me of my faults) but at least I am trying!
A month ago, my mom found out her breast cancer has returned.
“I hate him. I hate him hitting me all the time. I wish HE had never come here. I never used to get angry before HE came.” The utterances of a 9-year old birth child about his adopted brother.
I pour like a rainstorm, I protect you like the shadow of a cloud,
Thanks so much for stopping by to say "hi" it is always a joy to read who visited me.
I made Tommy eat a bug;
And high and far from a distant star,
The guy is an awesome player and already has 1000 points for his career. He deserves an awesome nickname.
What the jury and the defense lawyers didn’t know about was the evidence that had been concealed by Williamson County law enforcement. Only the sheriff’s office and the district attorney knew about it.
* There are big bike paths on pretty much every street in the city.
The loom appears to be complete, and seems to be in pretty good shape. There isn't anything broken and the wood is solid cherry and appears sound. The hardware is a bit rusty, but still functional.
Anzi, volete saperlo, ne sono proprio fiera.
After 3 weeks in primary fermentation at 66-68 degrees it came all the way down to 1.002! This yeast is a beast! Serioiusly. I didn't think that was even possible to ferment out that completely without champagne yeast. Sampling it during bottling, it had a nice sharp fruitiness of citrus and apples and a slick mouthfeel. It's fantastic! Should be nice and dry.
Given that Texas youth prison populations have already declined by around 2/3 since the 2007 "reforms" (which, since they apparently haven't reformed much, perhaps henceforth we should just call "changes") while juvenile crime has continued to fall, perhaps now's the right time to finish the remarkable de-institutionalization of juvenile justice begun five years ago.
I’ve noticed an increase in songbirds since the Hill was felled. I don’t have a lot of trees but more so lately I’ve been entertained by melodious trilling from the neighbours Macrocarpa’s (well more accurately from the birds visiting them).
The question floating around inside the heads of all the perverts gathered here this evening is: What in the world is a sophisticated woman like her doing in a place like this? Well, it turns out, Jane likes to tape her sexual encounters using a small cassette recorder for the erotic benefit of her husband (Cosimo Cinieri). In this case, she records herself masturbating while two live sex performers have standard intercourse on a stage. Breathing heavily, Jane, gripping the cassette recorder with one hand, while sheepishly toying with her panitie-covered clit with the other, tries her best to be discreet. When all is said and done, other than exposing part of her trademark black silk stockings, she is able to obtain a well-deserved chichi climax.
So I did five three-minute rounds of jump rope on the padded ring floor (my shins are a little sore afterward--uh-oh, hope it's not shin splints), several rounds of shadow boxing, a couple of rounds on the double-end bag, and, awkwardly since I had gloves on, a round on the speed bag (usually you use wrapped hands on the speed bag). I did a little, not-so-forceful heavy-bag training, since I didn't have wraps.
In the back of my mind, I keep thinking that the first 5K I ever ran is one that I want to run again this year. And I'd love to run it better than the first time and better than the second time.
What was the deal with the tears? I had know.
They are so happy to be adorning my mantel. :)
I love to watch singing competitions - and by that, I mean shows like American Idol or The Voice. I find myself holding my breath and hoping people hit the notes! I feel so badly when they don't. Occasionally, I will watch Dancing with the Stars, but I'd much rather listen to people sing!
Linby was almost hanging onto Tara's pigtails when she raced in with this beauty - also for the LIM challenge. Oh wow, don't the bright pinks work so well together and those little butterflies are adorable. There's a real knack of getting different shades of the same colour to work well together, and you sure cracked it Linby!
I first met Margaret Whiting in 1981 while I was performing at Ted Hook’s, Backstage Restaurant on West 45th Street and 8th Ave. in New York City. It was a rainy night and Margaret had been out front of the restaurant trying to hail a cab. After having no success she came back in to the club and asked Ted if he wouldn’t mind calling a taxi for her. She was soaking wet, her hair, without style from the weather, slicked back. After Ted made the call, Margaret said she was going to wait for the taxi under the awning outside. As soon as she left, I turned to Ted and said, “Who was that?” Ted replied, “Who is that? That’s only one of the most famous singers in the world, Margaret Whiting!” Up until that point, the only thing I knew about Margaret was her version of the song, “Moonlight in Vermont.” Maggie was a regular at Backstage, and over the course of the next two years, I got to see her and spend a lot of time with both she and Jack Wrangler. As anyone performing around New York City could tell you, Margaret was most generous, and accessible to those of us first starting out. She was actively performing all over the city and all around the country yet she always found the time to attend friend’s performances, me included. Even years later, once I had relocated to the San Francisco Bay Area, Margaret made of point of showing up to hear me at the Cirque Room in the Fairmont Hotel. I recall reading an article once from columnist, Herb Caen in the San Francisco Chronicle. He said he was on a cable car one day and Margaret Whiting happened to get on a few stops later. At one point, the cable car operator rang the familiar cable car bell and spontaneously, Maggie got up and sang the “Trolley Song” from start to finish, delighting everyone who was along for the ride. Herb Caen said it was one of his most favorite moments. If I had been there, it surly would have been one of mine too.
In my last post, I wrote that I thought I would use every day I had left of Screnzy. Then I mentioned to my mom that I was planning to turn my script into a PDF and upload it when I finished it on Monday. She pointed out that my dad’s work computer is the only one that can make PDFs and he’s taking it with him on a business trip starting Monday! Surprise, surprise! So I wrote 10 pages yesterday and 2 today to get my script finished in time. I danced around happily (clumsily) when I finished my script and listened to happy music instead of the sad Harry Potter music I’ve been writing to.
The expressions 'Web' and 'Internet' are used interchangeably by the layperson. This is technically incorrect, as the Web is contained by the Internet. In practice, however, most people don't bother with the distinction.
Interior Secretary Ken Salazar and Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said in a joint release Sunday, “We will not rest until BP permanently seals the wellhead, the spill is cleaned up, and the communities and natural resources of the Gulf Coast are restored and made whole,” they said.
Hello KCModernists! Time definitely flies. We haven't posted for some time but we hope to get back in the groove with more regular postings that I hope you will find fun and interesting. Ever since the Country Club Plaza preservation challege this past year, it's be difficult to find time to Git-R-Done. We had a good year this year though alittle more quiet due to no house tour. Our plans for the next few months going into 2012 are exciting. We have numerous events lining up nicely, in addition to house tours, Martini Moderns, etc. So keep an eye out for notices and/or invitations to some happenings.
Pooh & Friends cart- pg. 36 Icon/Clouds 1" -- 1 1/4"-- 1 1/2"
Salt and pepper squid.
1) 15 minutes to establish a 1RM Snatch.
There’s not a lot left to be said about Red Bulls incredible run of pace since 2009. Despite not winning the 2009 championship, the RB5 rewrote the text book on F1 design. Since then, the two subsequent cars have both pioneered new ideas and followed a few others. Each time the car has been ever more dominant. If the team have an achilles heel, then its reliability, split between the; chassis, the engine and KERS. With pace in hand, the team do not need to make bold steps with the cars design, as they need to maintain reliability. With the RB8 taking risks was not on the agenda, the evolutionary car uses detail design and a small few unique features to keep a step ahead on pace.
Riegelhaupt's statement continued:
For nearly 25 years, researchers from the University of Michigan have followed the lifestyle habits of a group of 3,000 Generation X adults — men and women born between the years 1961 and 1981. The data collected as part of the Longitudinal Study of American Youth found that Generation X adults spend more time shopping and cooking food, watching cooking shows on TV and talking to their friends about food or cooking. On average, Generation X young adults cooked roughly 42 meals per month and went grocery shopping roughly 6 times per month.
"She;s not who she was," said Mrs. Thwett. "I'm afraid if they do pull down house it may be the end."
- Use ShowMe as an interactive whiteboard substitute Implement a “flipped classroom”
How to express in words the magic of this film, or any Ruiz film for that matter? Its narrative, like a tall tale dusted off and handed down by the narrator to its curious listener, is full of strange tangents, jarring twists and a variety of intangible loose ends. There are stories within stories - a kaleidoscope of images, refracted, like a cracked mirror-ball manifestation - which traipse backwards and forwards between mystery, fantasy, thriller, melodrama and farce, as if the whole thing is being invented for our amusement (before the rug is pulled out from under us by yet another narrative left-turn!)
Earlier this week The ODI asked you to send in some questions and there are so many great questions! There is of course no way to answer each one but in this bonus podcast we answer several of the common questions that were sent in and provide you with our initial thoughts about the finale.
People who debate the role of ‘nature’ (the DNA you are born with) versus ‘nurture’ (how you are raised) will say that BOTH are important in child development, and you cannot clearly separate one from the other. I say those folks overlooked the Princess Gene. We tried to raise Little Miss Adorable in a very gender neutral, non-traditional environment. It didn’t work – the Princess Gene took over.
Overall, I was left sadly unsatisfied. I had heard so many brilliant things about The Hunger Games and the following books, that I really wanted to love it. But I just couldn’t connect with it. I felt no connection with the plot or the main characters, Katniss irritated me, and I wanted to know more. I’m not saying that you shouldn’t read The Hunger Games – you should. Every person would approach this book differently, every person’s reading experience would be different.
Where: Deschutes Brewery, Portland Public House
14. Too Mixed Up
of our wet nature’s sea gestalt,
Ignoring the statue, Sharia made a quick circuit of the chamber, sticking her nose down every corridor in hopes of detecting the scent of fresh desert air. Like earlier, none of the passages were promising: either choked with sand, dead of any breeze, scent or sign of life, or else they contained vile stenches that turned Sharia’s stomach and made her skin crawl. Returning to the corridor she arrived in, she could hear the far off ringing of footsteps approaching. She brushed away her footprints in the sand covered floor, then she walked with exaggerated steps toward the foulest smelling passage. Near the doorway, she pulled her knife and cut a buckle from her sandal. She tossed it into the doorway where it would be noticed, then ran to crouch behind the statue.
This is how you make a man cry:
Jesus said, “A good person produces good things from the treasury of a good heart, and an evil person produces evil things from the treasury of an evil heart. What you say flows from what is in your heart.” (Luke 6:45)
There. Nice and succinct.
making it too hot for her to handle anymore.
Just watched this film at the weekend and thought it was well good to ok nothing special, nothing even memorable but it wasn’t bad. It was basically Rock ‘Em Sock ‘Em Robots turned into a movie, but unlike the battleship being converted to a film they didn’t have fun with it, but instead decided to go more serious with a bit of a gritty back story and a bad father son dynamic. A gritty, white-knuckle, action ride set in the near-future where the sport of boxing has gone high-tech, Real Steel stars Hugh Jackman as Charlie Kenton, a washed-up fighter who lost his chance at a title when 2000-pound, 8-foot-tall steel robots took over the ring. Tim’s Film Reviews: wait till it comes out on TV.
When my first box arrived I was very excited, and thoroughly enjoyed all the things in it! Although I think it only lasted about two days. Whoops! My favourite was definitely the barbeque pistachios, which I didn’t expect to enjoy! I think my first box was my favourite box so far.
Finally, at the end of my meal, I was presented with the bill – which was delivered in a fancy black folder similar to ones in many restaurants. Though it had no country of manufacture listed, it appeared to be made in “Mastercard”, since that was the only writing on the folder.
I asked her what her definition of being serious with a guy was. She said that she feels like going on a date with a guy is being serious. Perhaps my views on this topic are skewed because I go on so many dates. I see a date as a way of testing the waters to see if I want to see someone again. I don’t think a date makes me owe a guy something.
I can’t connect them.
That is the thing I have lost that I miss the most. Real in-depth conversation containing pats on the back, handshakes, a punch in the arm, a hug, or any physical contact.
Chicago, always Chicago
19. Propane tent heaters are also also God. My parents are keeping us well supplied with those little camping propane tanks.
And nothing can stop it, because somehow I just know it is real. Powerfully real. Real-er than anything I know. Realer than sadness. Realer than struggles. Realer than the breakfast I’ve just eaten.
But I'm not in the U.S. I'm in France, where it's not offensive, it's "charming" and expected. Get used to some banter that would be deemed inappropriate according to American standards. Although many expect this will evolve and become less frequent due to the DSK incident, I think it's ingrained in their culture and fully expect it to continue on the sly.
encounter with the little boy I read in the newspaper that the young woman had passed
I had never even heard of Obscura Day before a mention popped up in my Twitter feed a week or so ago, but I was immediately intrigued. So many people associate being a traveler with getting out their wallets, brushing off their passports, and heading to some exotic, distant land; however, many of the pleasures of traveling can be found by just staying where you are and checking out something that you would normally skip. Obscura Day would be my chance to do just that.
It was nearly 9 in the morning when I arrived at Sikandra, guide in tow, following a visit to the Taj Mahal and after negotiating horrendous traffic and road rage incidents.
Papers : Sunday Picnic Collection by Webster's Pages, Bright Matstack by DCWV
In lieu of an actual review of an actual movie, let’s review what we have at hand – that poster in the upper left of this article.
It is a real honor and pleasure to sponsor Stamp Something, and we look forward to seeing all the amazing creations. We thank the design team for their incredible creations, and wish all the participants the very best of luck in this challenge.
Obviously I have a thing for numbers but these numbers I’ve listed are all about me. And veganism is NOT about me; it’s about the animals. It seems strange but sometimes in this fight, in this mission that is FOR the animals and THEIR lives, our own lives, my life can take center stage. The waters of altruism can get muddled with ego, pride, personal interests, judgment, anger, frustration and all sorts of human foibles.
desire.
“Indeed I do. That sword was one of my father’s last creations. He made it for Jetrune as a decoration to hang in his great hall.” I replied.
One year ago on Palm Sunday the tertians in Australia celebrated their last Mass together at Sevenhill. It began with the blessing of palms out by the metal sculpture of Mary and then proceeded into the chapel for Mass. The long retreat had ended three days earlier. An hour or so after lunch we departed for two nights in Adelaide and then four of us began the very long drive (1000 miles) from Adelaide to Sydney. That was a fascinating two day adventure that included being stopped in a routine drink-driving stop (at 11 AM), an overnight in Hay that featured the kind of meal that could only be tolerated with three beers, and a finish in the ghastly rush hour traffic typical of Sydney.
Note: No one will ever do this category justice, because Japanese society is filled to the brim with cute things. This is merely a feeble attempt at giving insight into the cuteness of Japanese society.
Matins Ferial Psalms with Antiphons (Post-Pius X Psalter--1962 Breviary)
Another Northern Ireland match is looming. Last time the team took an early lead against the Faroe Islands, before falling into the old pattern of slow sideways passing. Luckily the introduction of Niall McGinn, early in the second half, revitalised the line-up and Steven Davis notched up a second from long range, before Pat McCourt decided to take the Islanders apart twice with his mesmerising ball skills.
The perforated canvasses marked the starting of a new “Concetto Spaziale” Spatial Concept and did not come until the beginning of 1950. It was this idea that really left a mark in the art world.
What are your priorities? I have a pretty good idea of what mine are. Family is number 1, and anything I need to do for my family comes first. What we NEED to do for our families can be anything. I need to keep the house picked up because it's easier for my daughter to run around pretending she's Tinker Bell if there isn't a bunch of stuff all over the floor. I need to stay on top of laundry because clean T-shirts and towels make Mr Incredible happy. I need to read before bed because it helps me relax and sleep better, and EVERYBODY wins if I'm well-rested.
¾ cups soy creamer
Norvalts - Here be Vikings and their ilk.
The beginning of 2010 marked the end of 2009's project 365. I assume that the grey hairs that started to crop up about this time were to protest me doing a repeat. Whatever. That's why they make hair dye.
know what they mean, Thorn.”
A tussy mussy is a small but fragrant flower bouquet. Way before deodorant was invented (lol) tussy mussies were used to block the smell of unwashed bodies and illness. In later years, they became a fragrant accessory and today, tussy mussies are used in weddings, as party favors and as decorations. Tussy Mussies can be created from either a square template or a quarter circle template which is gently folded over to create a cone ready to decorate. I have found the perfect template with instructions at Mirkwood Design
If you live anywhere in the greater Puget Sound area and are interested in working with seedsbeads, I highly recommend you check out the NW Seedbeaders, a focus group of the NW Bead Society. I've mentioned them before, but Sunday was our planning meeting for 2012 and all I can say is Wow! The upcoming schedule of programs is phenomenal. Here's a sneak peak:
STEAMED! – Your one stop shop for all things steampunk. A great section on the art and craft of writing steampunk and a growing collection of book reviews along with art and culture news.
That one's for my Rose!
Most importantly, for those who have given the ultimate sacrifice in keeping this nation free ….
A couple of minutes in, I noticed some hard stuff under my fingertips. It was sort of hard white pieces. I'm not certain, but I am guessing these are "impurities"? When my arms finally started to get tired (around the 20 minute mark) I decided I might as well move on to the next step although I was REALLY enjoying my facial massage!
Two spreaders with pumpkins on them
Just think… all races have "so-called" rights, but not if you’re White.
So, that's the saddest part of the story. ): . I look so hideous that I don't wanna go out until I get my hair done, and during that day, I'm having rashes, I took so much courage to step out of my house to see doctor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Hahhahaha.
Esses desenhos sao de uma cena de Robin Hood e como podem ver, Robin foi desenhado bem diferente da versao final. Eles tiveram muita dificuldade em decidir num design para Robin e eu suspeito de esse seja o primeiro design que Milt criou antes de mudarem. Eu gosto do design final mas acho esse mais interessante.
This can only mean one thing. The May Day Fairie Festival at Spoutwood begins tomorrow!
5 – Not Fully Realizing Support And Security Issues
But my parents said, “Its ok son, you will learn to grow, mature and be independent and Mom and Dad will support you as much as we can give.”
* * ALL AGES!!! * *
The sun is warm, it’s bright and I’m in a park.
I can't resist the day
But understanding isn’t agreement. Get your act together, Internets, and stop depending on your spellchecker to correct your errors. That’s serious laziness.
The giddy beginning is followed by the task of actually putting the story on paper. By this time, I have a solid beginning, and possibly know the ending. Not always. The middle is still total mush. This part is hard to get through, as I have shared in the previous post. At this point, I am infinitely distractible, and am more than willing to go hang out, go do laundry, solve your family crisis, and even take a paying job in order to escape the creative mess I’ve made. It is not “banging the drum all day.” It is horrifying, because at this point, the work is so bad.
HENRY PERCY
The Station Agent
5. The tongue is mightier than the pen.
4. Brad Pitt or George Clooney?
She's been working on some really good Homemade deep conditioners, love her!
Mr. Digby, carrying an empty suit case, arrived in Patmore Street on the stroke of eight.
Alright, enough rambling crap about me!
Wow! You certainly rocked last weeks sing-a-long challenge and we are delighted to announce that the crafty girl joining us for the month of May is.....
“I thought so, how are you?”
You had to ask it, which says enough.
Hey, whaddaya know? Keats.From John Keats’s “Sleep and Poetry” (1816):But strength alone though of the Muses born
Archivers proved a few days too late! I knew this design from LYB
Ink: Blush Blossom, So Saffron, Pear Pizzazz, Groovy Guava, Tangerine Tango, Cherry Cobler, black
I was asked by the ladies of Ignite to style the men’s segment for their runway show. I was asked to pull from local retailers Atmosfere and Martin Patrick. I was really excited about this challenge with having all the freedom I wanted. I really didn’t go in with any game plan for what I wanted to pull, I just wanted to pull some solid looks from each store. I didn’t do any fittings for the guys so my nerves were very high as the date approached. Along with pulling clothes, literally last minute, we lost 2 models which added to the nerves.
subsequent record has marked somewhat of a shift in sound and atmosphere (some
"It makes me not want to come to work," he said.
I read the back side of St. Monica’s prayer card and set it aside, but her expression stayed with me.
Jay Lake – Fat Man
4) Emilio Bonifacio (Miami) leads the league in his own quirky stat. Bonifacio has 21 hits this season (.244 average), but he leads the league in most hits without an extra-base hit. All 21 hits have been singles. Emmanuel Burriss (SF Giants) is 2nd on this list, with 13 hits and no extra-basers, but in his defense, he does have 36 fewer at-bats than does Bonifacio.
My intention with my writing is to bring an emotional language to children who are stuck in difficult situations without the means to express what’s going on for them. I hope my books bring a sense of possibility to kids, helping them to navigate their way through challenging situations. I feel it’s important to show that recognising and speaking their needs to somebody is a key to finding resolution to difficulty and that it’s possible to embrace all hurt and pain through love. It’s also important for me to show that the ‘bad’ kids aren’t usually inherently bad, just suffering the hurt and pain of the family situation they find themselves in.
Then I'm quickly reminded of "that Thanksgiving"
Mrs October, Principal at Garden Village Primary School said “Lot of things in the community revolve around the school and there is no recreation and development. Therefore, the school has all the facilities the community needs”.
But hold on! the relative share might have shrunk, but that does not mean the other guests will not get a larger share with respect to what they have got in 1999. And indeed it did: the third guest -the one who leaves an equal number of guests to their left and right in terms of wealth and importance- have had their income increase from MAD 57,000 in 1999 to MAD 64,000 in 2009.
And a chef
Participants discuss their concerns in any of the fifty tourism sub-sectors found in the workbook which contains 350 questions to help raise their level of awareness.
Please check out my story about her in the Leisure & Arts page of today’s Wall Street Journal.
I am convinced now though that better weather is just around the corner...
Noticeably absent from the President's schedule was any attention or time dedicated to performing the job he was elected to do as President. He did meet with his senior advisers once, had 2 daily briefings, met with Geithner twice, and Panetta once. Other than that, Mr. Obama had no involvement in the leadership of this great country, which is rather sad.
So snappy that an explanation was required – Ping, apparently, is a term used by computer geeks when they connect, one computer with another. How splendid… yet how equally unforgettable. Ping simply reminds me of Pingu, a cartoon television character my youngest daughter was enthralled with in her earliest years – and equally now, long forgotten.
*November 19 , 2011
Edmondson: The nipple ring was a new horizon in British slapstick I thought.
The seven layers are: graham cracker crust, walnuts, semi-sweet chocolate chips, white chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, condensed milk, and coconut.
Preheat the oven to 180 degress C. Line, grease and flour an 8 inch cake pan.
We kicked off our stay-cation on Thursday, Nick’s first day off of work, by cleaning our house. What a blast! ;) But seriously, we spent some much needed time together with the babe. Friday got a little more exciting, zip lining at Red River Gorge, just a little over an hour from home.
We finally have our Job Hub up and running! After 9 months of prep by the team, HG now has its own one-stop job center. Residents who need jobs, upgrading, employment advice can now drop by Blk 2.**
Publisher: Broadway Books; (December 24, 2002)
Here are the two rookie cards:
Sunday the festivities continued. I went BACK to Shadowbox to see Back to the Garden again. (Told ya I love that place). Then after that was over, I had to work at the store. It was Survivor finale night, and we do a special Survivor crop each season, so I had to go host that.
You still love your activity mat and your swing
Calcium – 43mg/kg
But this is not a rant about vegetarians, it's a rant about Marmite.
The photo above and the few below showcase one of the main
I've recently noticed some wrinkles forming under my eyes. And, I watch enough TV to know there are miracle creams out there. I just had to purchase one, put it to use and those silly eye wrinkles will vanish.
2. Ordered violent crackdowns on pro-democracy and trade union activists.
A few more days to labor and wait,
Definitely doing it again!
planet — you will not be missed – either as a target or as a thought.
Through these characters the reader will enjoy the story’s interaction between the two and wanting a happy ending.
Saw friends’ and former colleagues’ empty places;
This year I’ve become a Ciclavia evangelist. I’ve offered all my students extra-credit for coming (and writing about the experience); my family is driving up from OC for the day. I firmly believe in the power of experiencing ownership for the first time. One can’t forget the feeling that these streets belong to people, not to cars.
“I hope through my practices to honor the women, children and men who have lost their lives and who are struggling to survive now,” said Nancy, a resident of Roswell, Ga. “My daily journey will be much easier than theirs. But, I live in a society where people die from obesity and obesity related issues – we die from too much. They die from not enough…”
The house is quiet save the snores of Moose. The old black lab sleeps on his side in the middle of the living room floor and chases rabbits in his dreams. I turn on one lamp and leave the rest of the house dark. It’s just me tonight, just like always. Aside from polite hellos and thank you’s I haven’t spoken with another human being in as many months as I have fingers and toes.
Also, please don’t complain about this new arrangement of partners for a few of you. This change was necessary to adopt to this specific situation to even out the number of students between the two classes, TDA A & B.
The truth is in many ways, people have been using the Law of Attraction for hundreds of years, they just didn’t know how the Law works or the impact it has when followed correctly.
In the land of ever always,
registered trademarks of VERITAS Software Corporation. VERITAS and
Knowledge is indeed power. So listen here Dr Google and Captain P – you guys are RUMBLED!!!
Depending on the sort of story you're writing, this isn't necessarily a problem. In a dorky sci-fi story like this one, that obviously isn't taking itself too seriously, readers typically aren't going to take the scientific explanations too seriously, either. If your story is magical or implausible, your readers probably won't be looking for a reasonable explanation for things. J.K. Rowling didn't have to explain the physics that allow broomsticks to fly; Stephenie Meyer didn't need to go into detail about exactly how many of Edward's internal organs still functioned normally. This little tidbit is probably most important for historical fiction and science-based novels like those by Michael Crichton - the history and science need to be believeable.
Place in a large pot (if the fruit is dry add a little water),
That famous line from Aristotle is never more true than in the wine world where opinions and perceptions are in constant flux. The popularity of certain wines and various styles of winemaking change with the times, always in response to the desires of the wine drinking public.
Each chef was given a set of ingredients to prepare an appetizer and an entree. The dishes were scored on flavor, Southwestern flair, and use of local ingredients. Here's the judges, huddled at our table. I'm in the gray, second from the right. The menu for the evening follows.
of the counter was a small
Thule Rokkhátíð @ Dillon Rock Bar um Verslunnaramannahelgina
Her act is ultimately a commodity; reality shows, in particular, feed on the uncensored, personal moments of real women for ratings. The quest for ratings in Mathira's case is, insidiously, that she is open and sexual in a society that is obsessed that women not be publicly demonstrative. Moreover, in those awkward moments of dealing with indecent callers, viewers are privy to that intensely naked moment of mutual (and multiple) realization that something very bad has been said - something that represents society's dilemma about sexuality and violence, and that she must now respond. She can do so in three ways: with shame affirming that she is vulnerable, with old fashioned feminist rage, or with a controlled sense of indignation and humor. She (consciously?) chooses the third. Thus the immense amount of guilty pleasure in watching her is liberating, masturbatory, and for some perplexing and infuriating. Either ways - she riles up peoples' emotions and emotions make money.
Working on a research project in Northern Afghanistan in August last year, I met some insurgents who were not ethnic Pashtuns, but Turkmens. They told me they were paid $500 to $600 a month by a Taliban commander in Mazar-e-Sharif. That is more than what some of my colleagues were being paid by an NGO. Some of the Taliban men are opportunists who benefit from the narcotics industry and seek Taliban’s shelter.
2 months
More green juice
You do not have to buy loads to begin with 10 bottles will give you a good range. The reason I prefer the 50ml bottles is that with the mini misters (these are fantastic for a smaller project when you only want a limited amount of a colour) you do not get a lot of use and often in projects I need to make more mist. So the 50ml bottles go quite far and mean that I do not have to make that mist up every time I want to use it.
I could sleep on a train,
UK Glamour have this week published their annual celebrity best dressed list, and it makes for some strange reading!
- Bask in the love from the most supportive people on the internet —other writers.
Their mission at Vibrant Fitwear is to provide high-quality, high-end fitness fashion. When your workout clothes make you look good, you feel fantastic, and before you know your workouts go to the next level! Their fitness wear brands are for active women who want exercise clothing to make them look good and feel amazing, in and out of the gym!
Every once in a while, someone makes a statement in a comment about how their advisor "doesn't do anything". In some cases, there is the added description that an advisor "doesn't do anything except get grants". I find these comments fascinating, but not necessarily in a good way. I am sure I have written about this before, but since I was thinking about the phenomenon recently as I was sitting suspended over an ocean, I am writing about it again now.
IN (In…in…)
”I really just want to color, mom.”
Governor Oshiomhole was
The Advanced edition of the workshop is scheduled to be held at a later date and this is a longer workshop, involving 9 to 10 days. The Advanced edition workshop has also been modified to have an exciting trip to the mountains, forest or nature to get hands-on
In hindsight, this was kind of silly. After this was completely dry, I sanded and sanded and sanded until I created distressing streaks for the brown to come back through.
I have good and bad things to say about the shipping. First of all, it was amazingly fast considering it was coming from Saudi Arabia. It was faster than most orders I place within the US, even with accelerated shipping! I placed my order on a Thursday night (at almost midnight), and it was delivered the following Wednesday. Less than a week. That is… it was supposed to be delivered. Wahat Aljalabiya shipped within 2 days and sent me a tracking number with DHL. At this point I signed up through the DHL website for delivery and exception notifications. Unfortunately, DHL attempted to deliver while I was not at home (at the office) and did not leave my package!
For all the progress in recent years, the health of the Upper Colorado River ecosystem will continue to decline unless further protections are put in place to address looming impacts from two new Front Range diversion projects, Denver’s Moffat Tunnel expansion and Northern’s Windy Gap Firming Project. Nickum noted that EPA recently issued recommendations that supported Grand County and TU’s case for stronger mitigation on the Windy Gap Firming Project.
Still, what do I know? Disposable incomes falling fast, unemployment rising daily, Sure Start Centres closing, libraries shutting, sports facilities being priced out of reach of many, riots on the streets, budgets slashed, savage cuts in welfare, waiting times increasing, prices increasing, economic growth static, inflation rising and Libya alone costing us £1.5million a day........that's about £270million so far .......we've
The strategy provides welcome ammunition for campaigners who are trying to push David Cameron into keeping his promise to give a tax break to married couples. It comes days after figures showed that marriage is coming back into fashion after 40 years of decline.
You are not rich, and most certainly not beautiful. That leaves you with smart. So think, Sweaty, what’s left for you if you’re not even smart?
Ok, so I'll post another great tutorial next week. Have a creative weekend!
Very nice detail on her striker units as you can see above, Based off the Mitsubishi zero A6M3a, they come with two sets of propellers, a stationary one as shown and a pair made to look as if they're spinning at full speed.
Mashable also noted a study by AppData.com concluding that Pinterest – only two years old with 11.7 million active registered users has become one of the ‘top traffic driver to the websites of women’s lifestyle magazines as well as women’s blogs’.
I took this photo in an effort to capture three police vehicles on the same corner (Franklin and Bergen): the Mobile Command Center, the mounted police truck (with horses in tow), and one of those little "interceptors" that are the TIE fighters to the Skywatch's AT-AT (nerd alert). At the last second, a car pulled into my frame, blocking the interceptor, and I swore under my breath . . . until I realized it was a police cruiser (click the image for a better view).
It is the scars; hard work, tears, despair and a strong will to succeed. It is the vision of the finished product and its effect on audiences. However, someone has to take that vision as his or her own. Someone has to sweat the details and navigate the mire that translates written script into eye-popping visuals and heart-pumping suspense.
Founders CBS Imperial Stout (Canadian Breakfast) 10.6%
Isn't that one awesome thumbnail image? I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL!!! I need a haircut.
Someone from the facility called my brother, our family's designated contact, right away. He called another brother, and each posted a "rest in peace" message on Facebook. At about 9:30, as I was just getting up, a childhood friend saw one of the Facebook posts and called her 99-year-old mother (once my Mom's best friend), who called me. She said something about my Dad finding peace and what a nice man he always was, and I said thanks. I knew that she knew he was dying; that's how I took her message. Then I looked at Facebook. "Rest in peace, Robert F. Peterson" would seem fairly unambiguous. But it took a couple of calls before I could reach a brother who confirmed that Dad had died. It's only a tiny part of the story, but it's a comment on our times. When he got bad news in the middle of the night, my brother turned to Facebook to make a quick declaration of his feelings.And because Facebook really is a network, a friend called her mom, who called me. I can marvel over that, and even be amused by it, and it doesn't have any impact on the bigger story, the fact that my dad, who never expected to live to age 65, has died peacefully at 95 in a setting where he was loved and supported and so were we all.
One of the Wildren was missing, Rel realised. Clearsight revealed one fewer than had been present in Van Raighan’s original Witnessing. But a Gift-Giver would never extort a human into stealing Stable Rods. Would they?
33. Great Expectations - Charles Dickens
Release of his educational records, would of course bring to an end the rumour that he initially applied to study as a "foreign student", but yet again, Obama chooses not to disprove that rumour either. The reason can only be down to arrogance, or there is something he does not want us to know.
“You need to get a job.”
L- Jake Westbrook (3-2)
$15 for adults, $10 for children 12 years and under, $2 for children aged between one and three. The rides itself goes for about 15 minutes.
He is known only as Juror #2. But he has a name, a past, and he has planned his every move with the help of a beautiful woman on the outside. Now, while a corporate empire hangs in the balance, while a grieving family waits, and while lawyers are plunged into a battle for their careers, the truth about Juror #2 is about to explode, in a cross fire of greed and corruption-and with justice fighting for its life…”
Never more than I can handle. Thank you xoxoxoxo
They made no mention of Muhammad or Muslims or Islam at all, at least until around the start of the 8th century. In case you’re thinking that there’d be no reason for outsiders to mention the religion of some obscure far-off tribe, remember that starting with the date of Muhammad’s purported death in 632, Arabs galloped out of the desert and conquered or captured almost the entirety of the Near East, the Middle East and North Africa in just a few decades. They encountered many cultures and civilizations, but none of those conquered peoples seem even to have heard of Islam or Muhammad.
We are looking for a designer who is passionate about creating beautiful online interfaces and user experiences that will help us forge new ground in how local news media is consumed and delivered online. We’re not after someone who wants to be a cog in a wheel. We want a designer who will use their design expertise to help in our product design and development process from planning through to final product.
Oh, and Mom's raging delusion over her Hanging with Friends addiction.
Named after the legendary BBC television children’s programme dating back to the 1950s, The Bill & Ben Partnership is George Amos and Paul Ragan, Englishmen who live in South Wales. Ragan established his own insurance business which he sold several years ago
Last week we had our first gathering for the year. We hired a BBQ pontoon boat and spent a beautiful saturday cruising around the Georges River. Lots of eating, drinking, fishing, and all round contentment (and lots of laughter after I proclaimed I would be a natural sea-goer: “my ancestors come from an island and are sea-men and fishermen”, and then was the only one to get sea sick. Ha-bloody-ha).
Back on the path after about an hour we soon find ourselves (after a minor diversion involving a Rolls Royce Silver Cloud and more unidentifiable, to us anyway, earthworks) going through our first stretch of forest – some may call it a copse or (as the sign claims) a plantation but I’m a city boy and to me it’s a forest. Feeling revived from our short tea-break surrounded by the pines and ferns we brave the increasingly challenging wind and precipitation to push on to Plain Trees and our first chance to actually touch The Wall.
So how do you make Mexican paste? Here are the instructions that Lorna gave us:
~ William Wordsworth
It has a snooze button.
I've used a double sentiment from Petite Pairs which if had gone wonky would have made me cry.
An engaging and genuinely funny series from start to finish, Infinite Stratos doesn’t even try to be a different kind of harem series with cool armored suits but, in the end, it still manages to be a fun series that doesn’t take itself too seriously. As a result, Infinite Stratos ends up being a series with nothing new to offer but still has enough good things going for it anyway.
I wanted to start with Sue Roddis of JABBERWOCKY (remember her incredible clockworks piece?) because she has been serving as a "talent scout" for The Altered Alice, sending me GREAT Alice links from all over the blogosphere! Thanks Sue! Also, of course, because Sue's mini-book is AMAZING! Take a look!
Me: And I know that, I can see that everyday if I look hard enough. Just pop onto Google and look at the amazing stories and pictures people share. But in fantasy, all impossible things are possible. Nothing is unimaginable.
ben had fun with the chalkboard.
‘Yes. From eating your burger.’
JeffJew: But the department prevented me from commenting on the skin on the forums. Now they think I’m…
Talk with you in a few days!
It's a little after 10 on this chilly, sunny spring morning. It's my day off, a day I usually look forward to with great relish: what to do? Clean the house (we just had a week off for spring break, and the house is TRASHED)...go to the gym (ha), walk the dog, write a blog post...
When we are children, we are taught to share. We are taught to “play nice”. When one child does something inappropriate to another, they are reprimanded. If two children pair up to do something to a third child, both instigating children are found equally culpable, even when one points the finger at the other and said “she told me to!”, or “it was his idea!”. What caused the circumstance is rarely an issue. We care about making it RIGHT, and holding accountable those who contributed to the problem. We don’t care whose idea it was, who pressured who into action….both are guilty, right?
almost everyone agreed that Mary’s church was backward-looking, unimaginative, reactionary, sharing both the Queen’s bitter preoccupation with the past and her tragic sterility. Marian Catholicism, it was agreed, was strong on repression, weak on persuasion. Its atrocious campaign of burnings was not merely an outrage against human decency but a devastating political blunder …. Its apologists and polemicists were dismissed as unimpressive second-raters, their works tedious and unimaginative, the regime in general fatally unaware of the crucial importance of argument and debate in the battle for hearts and minds, and neglectful of the power of both the pulpit and the printing press in that struggle (1).
(I would invite all the Christian folks who find a religious bias against booze to consider the contradictions inherent in this situation, specifically in Matthew 6:24: "No man can serve two masters: for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other." Sounds like the quandary of the PLCB, right there in the holy writ.)
7 ) When your boyfriend categorises you as an “acquaintance” on Facebook.
garage door now fully functional (after $200 job)
TASSET-TISSEAU A, PLUN-FAVREAU J, TURAN E, STA-ANA J, BRAHAM-SYGITOWICZ N. Influenza corporate vaccination programs: an international modelling approach. International Congress Series 2004; 1263: 600-604.
In peace I chanted peace, but now the drum of war is mine,
Over in the meadow
Now I don’t want to sit here and criticize the NBA but honestly, the Bobcats’ record just shows the lack of team that is present in the NBA right now. And this very “lack of team effort” is what so many criticize the NBA for on a regular basis. Don’t get me wrong, the NBA has some huge stars and incredible teams. But can you honestly sit here and tell me which team in the NBA is best without shouting out their stars? While stars are present in every sport, it is mostly the NBA that has these star powers who are constantly carrying their teams every night.
Darian Frey is the captain of the Ketty Jay, who is quite the sordid ne'er-do-well to the nth degree. Frey's only cares are that he own the Ketty Jay and that no other may posses or even pilot her. His crew has been a revolving door for years, where few of stayed or lived long enough to decide if they want to stay. The ship's doctor is a drunk. The mechanic a virtual mute. The Ketty Jay also has two out-fliers, which are smaller aircraft that provide support, reconnaissance, and much needed gun power on their run, but they are piloted by a very loathsome young man and another who is so war-beaten he can't part with his ship. There is also a mysterious passenger with access to some very unusual science/magic, especially with his dutiful metal monstrosity at his beck and call. And not to forget their brand spanking new female pilot with a puzzling pass and a secret that could mean her ostracization at any moment. Each and every character is larger than life and grow on you more and more. The character's back stories were released a perfect points and really nailed where the character came from and the motivation or lack thereof for their current situation.
"When you're drowning, you don't say 'I would be incredibly pleased if someone would have the foresight to notice me
vintage Chico's velvet robe-ebay
Aha, here it is!
Big Woods Brewing - Busted Knuckle, Nashville
the sour cherry cobbler, so its worth the wait!
"No like"..........
P.S. Radical Homosexuals in Congress have a plan to BRAINWASH/indoctrinate our children in schools — both public and private. Please, STOP being politicaly-correct=LIE, STOP allowing idiots amd Morons to bully and twist words YOU KNOW ARE CORRECT! And START being HONEST – STOP using “gay” out of text=Gay old time, happy, an emotion and begin using the proper noun-fag, lesbian! Homophobia -Homo=homosapien, meaning man, phobia=fear, homo+phobia=fear of man. Of course IDIOTS and MORONS will try to twist it into a LIE away from its ACTUAL meaning!
This week, I had a sizzler on my TBR list that was a switch-up from what I normally read. While the Boys are Away, by return author Lucy Felthouse, crossed my fingertips and was the romance novel one very INTERESTING read! I love Lucy‘s work and this one promises to be a scintillating series of three tales off the normal beaten bath of what I read! So, while I blush my way through the pages, let me grant you a little insite into this delicious little read:
A couple of other reasons to think about moving include getting away from the inevitable distractions of working from home, and also to put you in a better mind set to do business. Working in an office may well get you more focussed on the task of building your business. Only you know the answer to this.
The direction is fantastic, the slow built up to the finale really pays off and the action sequences are fluid and awe inspiring, the interlaced battle sequences, flowing from one character to the next had me on the edge of my seat the whole time (if not even more so on the second viewing).
This week’s edition of “Wanderlust Wednesday” is completely dedicated to Italy! I can’t remember for sure if I’ve mentioned my upcoming trip, but in 87 days I will be going to Italy to visit a friend who is studying abroad in Florence! I’ve been to Italy once before in 2007 (which you can read about here, here, and here), and it was a really great experience. I really fell in love with culture, and found my love for Anthropology there. Well, I’m going back and I’ve found some specific things I want to visit:
I can’t shrink or cower
2. When meat is tender, boil it in a small amount of water and mix in the marinade. Pretty much, braising. Simmer it until the sauce is almost all dry.
Not satisfied with betraying the armed forces, the elderly, the ordinary and the middle class, they now begin to turn against those who protect them. Unbelievable.
Luckily it was a gorgeous day for the guests at the wedding, but when the sun is so bright it sucks a bit for the person taking the photos because you tend to get a lot of squinty faces in the photos.
4. Non-residents will NOT have the right to vote no matter how long they are here.
Not really something new now, but I just wanted to show you what I did with this set. I was looking for a way to store all the loose figures I paint, so I decided to base them. They are not ment for wargaming but it looked nice this way.
Fridays - Challenge closes - approx 6.00pm Australian Time
March 9, 2012
Dear Jacqueline, we all see you smiling and glowing in the light. May you know that LOVE, the one universal sustaining force, is being sent to you right now and always will be. May you feel it and know that love is without end. You will always be loved and you will always be remembered. Love to you dear one. Peace be with you Jacqueline. Know that we love you, The Prayer Team.
Good hey!
*Hanger- Keep the seam on the fold- attach hanging yarn color to a post dc
(2) The owner of or person in control of a public place, or employer in respect of a workplace shall ensure no ashtrays are placed within any area where smoking is prohibited.
Ben completed the course in 3:39 and we are so proud of him!
“Mary Lethert Wingerd’s “North Country: The Making of Minnesota” is a history of the Indian experience in Minnesota, from the first encounters with Europeans to the removal of tribes in the aftermath of the Sioux Uprising. This era is unfurled with exacting detail and personal attention to the feelings and actions of the principal characters. It is a well-done and fascinating tale.
Range: Personal
6. Place the embutido in a steamer and steam for an hour. Alternatively, place embutido in a wire rack on a baking pan, half filled with hot water. Cover with aluminum foil (Be sure the steam will not escape). Steam-bake in the center of the oven for an hour.
During some runs we saw the cables lying loose between the wing and the hump. Which confirms they are cables and not solid rods, as with the rake mountings. Being cables they could not be for measuring wing position, as not being stiff, they would not be accurate enough. With the size of the nose hump and the other equipment to measure ride height, I now believe they are to control the droop of the front wing. Perhaps the test wing is more flexible than the usual race wing in order to achieve more attitudes under load. Its possible the hump contains hydraulics to adjust the droop of the wing to different attitudes during each run. The 2009 Red Bull used hydraulics in the nose to control the then legal adjustable front wing flap, so it’s a proven approach to fit more hydraulics into the nose cone. Being able to alter wing attitude on the move would greatly improve the amount of data gathered from each run. With there being two cables for each wing, one mounted on the main plane and the second on the flap, the wing could be controlled not only in droop but also the angle of attack. So that the wing could reproduce different beam and torsional stiffness of a future wing.
I could say that I prefer the cool evenings to the hot, sticky nights or freezing days of Winter.
MaoBama’s policies have won him no friends among the very people he depends on for his re-election. Talk to the miners in the Appalachians, or to the tens of thousands of people who are dependent on coal-fired generating plants for their power. See the economic devastation visited upon the oil-producing gulf states by Obama’s recalcitrance. His denial of a previously approved pipeline project which would ultimately generate ten thousand or more jobs. He then has the unmitigated chutzpah to go in front of the American people and lie through his eyeteeth about his administration’s approval of drilling permits that were, in fact, passed during George Bush’s watch.
how long will the wicked be jubilant?
Lola chooses stories the baby will like.
Now, as it turns out, he and Leah are together again. I am now in a place where I have to interact with him knowing how easily I was replaced (or I can wonder if she has been there all along).
Turns out, I’m not as familiar with them as I thought. For instance, whenever I thought of the Mahabharata, I always had this vague idea that the story was about the fratricidal war between the Pandavas and the Kauravas and the politics behind it all. But there is so much more to it! There are hundreds of characters, each with his or her fascinating back story and motivation. So many little incidents that happen generations before the actual war actually make that event inevitable.
It took Obama three days to find a Tele-Prompter to tell him what to say after the Christmas day attempted bombing. And then he had to come back the next day because the Tele-Prompter got it wrong. His Secretary of Homeland Security got it wrong, too, the first time.
What was difficult? Dating? I didn’t want to date. Before I left Manchester I was in a relationship, so no dating there. When I left, I was more than happy to be on my own with my girls. I certainly didn’t begrudge them from preventing me from going out on the pull.
The protest against the NATO Summit is being organized by the Coalition Against NATO/G8 War and Poverty Agenda (CANG8). The ANSWER Coalition, Occupy Chicago, Jesse Jackson, Chicago Teachers Union, National Nurses United, SEIU Healthcare Illinois and Indiana, SEIU Local 1, United Electrical Workers Western Region and many others have endorsed this important protest.
Let’s Spend the Night Together
Circle Background -
GALLAGHER AND SHEAN
Thou visitest the earth and waterest it, thou greatly enrichest it. — Psalm 65:9
A truck going north or a cab to the Festival Hall
I fell in love with Joyce’s writing. It is so descriptive. Here is a little taste.
But this new nesting coffee table combo from Ikea is well within my price range. I love the varying height between the tables and it would still give the illusion of more space in my living area.
I suppose I should be happy as three seasons ago, it was against Plymouth that Palace conceded 2 goals inside the first 5 – and in a match that I had paid considerable money to see, paying for several friends to join me at Home Park in the beautiful (LIE!) city of Plymouth – a city so ugly that the Luftwaffe tried to annihilate it once, (they’ve even got me talking about the war, Stan Boardman lives on through my blog) and it grew back – like a tumor. We lost three -nil.
Here’s a LightBox pic taken a week or so back. The subject in question Red lychee Tea. The pic was taken in a fab place called the Tea Box a lovely tea shop in Richmond Surrey.
The third major center for ship building was Narsapurpeta (near Masulipatnam) port – which was a major center of exports of steel, diamonds, saltpetre (potassium nitrate, for gunpowder, to kill Indians, ‘Negroes’, Aborigines and ‘Red Indians’ with) from the Deccan plateau.
Butter – ½ cup (at room temperature)
Those who oppose this are going to do everything within their power to make sure he is not re-elected (and unfortunately, they have the resources to do so – think of every conservative and religious powerhouse, their followers, and the money they have to support the Republican candidate). If we want to be first-class citizens, then we need to act like we’re first-class and not let our adversaries continue to dehumanize our LGBT community. Let’s get fired up to stand up and speak out for our equality as if our lives depended on it.
I needed less than ten minutes to make the two panda onigiris. For each panda onigiri I used 1.5 tablespoons of steamed rice which I formed into an oval shape with a plastic wrap. The three mini puppies (?) are made out of mini mozzarella balls and I used a quail egg punch to decorate their faces.
Next was off to the reception, where I went straight for the buffet table because I hadn't eaten all day. The place was packed and the line barely moving, and unfortunately prevented me from talking to Archbishop Dolan again. By the time I spotted him, he was already leaving. He gave a general wave in my direction and then a cop escorted him out the door.
Go for it!
I'm doing it because I need to!! I am moving on June 1, and desperately need to get as much packing done, and as much of my stuff into storage, as I possibly can while Big M is gone for training so all we'll have to do is move my furniture into storage when he gets back. (Hi - that was the longest sentence, ever. Count the commas.)
Thanks for the inspiration Peter! You can purchase Bite by Bite: 100 Stylish Little Plates You Can Make for Any Party HERE.
"The situation is that we have an average of 55 murders a day.
And good for you.
March is not over yet and has been one of our snowiest months here at times.....
'If you saw a letter on the ground with an address and a stamp on it, what would you do?'
In an interview which aired on Dateline NBC Sunday night, Mary Cutcher said that she and her roommate ran out after hearing the shot.
UNLIKE my esteemed Parliamentary colleague who runs the Labour Party – the one who looks a little like a Port Said post-card seller, as I’m sure he won’t mind my pointing out – I am not a massive fan of the so-called “Cornish pasty”. Nor is our fearless Chancellor, Mr Osborne, who scarcely eats at all as he struggles brilliantly – I use the word advisedly – to repair an economy so wrecked by Mr Brown. Only the other day, in the Members’ Tea Room, he drew me to one side and hissed (there is no other word to sufficiently describe his emotion) “What’s all this about ‘Cornish pasties’ Ollie? I eat one every Friday.” I gave him one of my amused smiles. “I think, George,” I bantered, “that you’re referring to boeuf en croute as delivered at the Beefsteak. The Cornish pasty – a kind of daube en croute if you like – was traditionally clutched by the old tin miners of Cornwall when they were dropped down a 1000-ft pit shaft to their work face. That’s why they’ve got such hard crusts – the pies, if I may presume to clarify that, not the tin miners. The name’s ‘Oliver’ by the way, George!”
When dealing with no scientific ends, the point of communication is often not so much to relay a detailed description (such that it can be recreated exactly), but to invoke a particular emotion, feeling, or response from the receiver. The more descriptive the message, the more likely the receiver will generate the correct response.
There is a particular genius in a song like “At Home He’s A Tourist”, the band’s defining and most recognizable song. Over a galloping bass line that is wholly memorable , with sparse, effective drumming, the guitar of Andy Gill shrilly screams in short spurts over top, and they intone in their special speak singing about how people are literally making themselves ill to match up to the ideal that politicians and media have deemed to be the new normal.
Pretoria, South Africa to Chipata, Zambia
Why did I get rejected?
Never mind the stupid morality arguments and the dubious health ‘risks’ that don’t even begin to be as ‘risky’ as smoking tobacco or drinking alcohol, or eating too much salt or sugar…
The more women were infatuated with him, the more respect and admiration they laid on his doorstep, the more his resentment, hatred and vitriol seemed to fester.
Reason #2 -- Many people are uncomfortable with Obama’s intellect and it makes them feel stupid. That’s the only explanation how a mixed race child with no familial money who grew up being raised by grandparents and a single mom could ever be labeled as “elitist.” John McCain is not only the son of a U.S.N. Admiral, he’s 3rd generation; he married a woman who has a net worth that allows her to donate over $1MM in charitable contributions annually in the Phoenix ADI. George Bush is a 3rd generation legacy politician who also graduated from Yale. Throwing a black man from his circumstances who didn’t have actual wealth until recently in with those two and calling him the “elitist?”
I was busy before Christmas making this doll for my mum:
I was writing about an ice-storm that engulfs Venice on the night of December 24th, 1901, stealing Christmas and carrying many Venetians away. So my freezing vaporetto trip was by way of research.
Millions are blind today, hopelessly lost. Didn’t Paul say that in Ephesians 2:12?
this small one to boost my energy
Wilson Community College in North Carolina offers a certificate program in home weatherization and features the use of a carbon footprint calculator in a required course.
“Is it too trite?”
Something I never knew was that Bell’s is the only major blended whisky to be aged for 8 years, so you’ll be drinking something a little bit special! Its steeped in history that includes Arthur J Bell and his two sons Arthur Kimmond Bell and Robert Duff Bell. His sons are responsible for expanding the product overseas and to trademark the now familiar ‘Arthur Bell & Sons’ and their motto ‘Afore ye go’.
From challenge #104 only creations using StitchyBear store products will be elligible to win our main prize. There is always freebies and cut price images available at the store ;O)
“Wow,” one of my friends said. “Usually when I dream, I’m just like, riding my bike and then a shark appears. Then I wake up.”
All veggie, sans bell peppers.
She spoils her grandchildren rotten, and her nickname for us is "Pumpkin" (except she says it like "punkin.")
My aunt JE greeted me and she was not acting annoying to my surprise, I told her that I was supposed to pick up something for my grandfather, and she said that it was some of his clothes that he needed dried in her dryer since his dryer was broken.
102) I hate doing dishes, too, but I'm always the one that does them, because I'm really, really anal about the dishes getting clean. I wash the dishes before they are put in the dishwasher, and I consider the dishwasher to be an autoclave. My ex-in-laws used to not even rinse the dishes before they put them in the dishwasher, and they used cold water for the dishwasher, and barely any soap, and then they let them air dry. When they took the dishes out of the dishwasher, they would just flick off the bits of dried food that were left on, and then put the dishes away. And they wondered why I didn't want to eat there.
- Lucky 13 American amber with duo of butternut squash & patty pan soup
32. Santa Claus Has Got The Aids This Year - 1980
Just a quick post to show off for you some roses I made for a friends fundraiser last night, so she could give them to some sponsors. The theme was "Mad for Plaid" and I had the good fortune of finding several different plaid patterned scrapbook papers. Now I am convinced that these roses look amazing no matter what pattern your paper has.
I’ve been eagerly following the building of the FoodCorps since its creation was announced two years ago. This brand-new American national service organization—modelled in part on the Peace Corps—was launched last month, and 50 enthusiastic and motivated young people (it was apparently harder to get a spot in the FoodCorps than at Harvard!) spanned out across 41 sites and 10 states to improve nutrition education for kids; develop school garden projects; and change what’s on school lunch trays. Service members work in already-established organizations, and the focus is on areas of the country with the highest rates of childhood obesity and the least access to healthy food.
I have loved fairies for longer than I remember, so wings were a natural thing to put on her (although she is not a fairy!). Then I came across a poem by Dylan Thomas and it all started to make sense.
The Cain brouhaha nicely illustrates the definition of sexual harassment: a sexual advance from an unattractive man. Attractive men's sexual overtures we strangely never hear much about, because they're accepted by the object of the overture.
Prim and proud she'll wave her young and independent hand this morning and say "Goodbye" and walk with little lady steps to the schoolhouse.
All over France, documentaries and newspapers are talking about the "DSK effect". They're postulating that the treatment of women, the innuendo and harassment will no longer be tolerated because of this historic arrest. Yeah. I'm still waiting for the effect to sink in.
(crazy, I know...)
*NB: Some sources refer to the building as Hôtel Darche d'Estrade and it is also now simply known as Immeuble Mirail Saint-François, but to avoid confusion we'll stick with Hôtel Saint-François, which is how it continues to be generally known.
3 contact
Baby, just like the great singing duo The Righteous Brothers, I hereby proclaim that “You’re my soul and my hearts inspiration.” Now come here little darlin’ and let’s get naked… and naughty! Would everyone exit my blog now, please? We would appreciate a little privacy. Thank you!
1) Soak 300gms of Rice Vermicelli in water until it is soft
However, the true measure of Blarney can be summed up in this simple comparison:
My mother is visiting.
10For this cause you are to give ear to the voice of the Lord your God, and do his orders and his laws which I give you this day.
We do well to ask ourselves in what way we may be stunting our growth in grace, and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior, Jesus. What sin may be keeping us back.
Nancy "The Brit". She's a monster of aggression towards the opposition when we photograph their rallies. Always wheres a kuffiya on her lovely face. Points and yells, "ZIONIST" while she assaults and blocks cameras on a public street. (Kind of silly really, but it's her favorite past-time)
Our "pretend" Auntie definitely liked the card I made for her 90th birthday. She had a huge pile of cards waiting to be opened today (though she was contemplating opening them at midnight .. .. bless!!!). But she opened ours whilst we were there and it was placed on the mantelpiece.
I put the baby down and stroked his hair so he could sleep.
Arise - Tara Hudson (I'll be giving this away on the blog soon!)
We were at the Oakley Pub when I poured out this pale hazy lemon with some light white head. Everything about this beer is light, which is kind of what you want in a summer beer. Light spice, light color, light body, light smell. Really not much to point out other than that. There are plenty of better options when it comes to summer beers. I don't care much for wheat styled beers so I need to really be hit with a lot of flavor.
dress (so I dreamt in my boozy reverie)
no words to describe my happiness :)
Félicitations !
It’s been so boiling up here with the mini heat wave England has been having. Everyone told me that further up north it would be colder so I brought loads of coats, scarves and hats, and this week I have been in shorts a vest tops the whole time! I took these pics before uni when it was much colder!
Heat up your shortening in a saucepan if you don't have a deep fryer. It's better to fry just one or two krapfen at once, a greater number will cool the frying fat too much. During frying, the oil will bubble up. When the bubbles start to recede, it's time to flip your doughnut. It doesn't really matter which side you'll fry first but pay attention: the down side (the one that was in contact with the surface while rising) will take twice as long to fry as the up side.
If you’ve ever watched The Fast and The Furious, or heard about drifting, this is as close as you can get. Find an empty wide street or empty parking lot, accelerate to 30 mph and just pull the handbrake while steering to the left or the right at the same time. Going sideways in your car is lots of fun. You can even take an extreme driving course where they teach you how to do controlled skidding and handbrake turns (so you don’t crash your car or kill someone).
A few minutes later, the urology nurse stops in. For a couple minutes, we talk about the bladder issues that happened while he was in the hospital after his last surgery, and she's basically like, "So he really doesn't need to be seen today," and I said we were mainly here to see Dr. T because ... and I lift up the back of his shirt. The nurse covered her face with her hands in horror and says, "I have to get Dr. Tulipan before he leaves!" and bolts out the door. And I said, "That's what I'm sayin!"
In December 2006, Mr. Rodriguez filed a claim with the Department of Veterans Affairs, arguing that he deserved a monthly disability check and priority mental health care from the agency because of post-traumatic stress disorder. More than five years later, he is still waiting for a final determination on his case.
There was little to keep the kids occupied other than the one soccer ball.
Me: What are you laughing at?
Here the Siren rises to a small point of order with Grunes and Sarris: it isn't needlepoint, nor yet just vague needlework, but lace-making, an important detail. There's the scene where lawyer Howard confronts Leslie with the letter's existence. He notes that her story hasn't varied in even the smallest detail, and says "It suggests either that you have an extraordinary memory...or you're telling the plain, unvarnished truth." "I'm afraid I have a terrible memory," says Leslie, pulling away at her lace hanky--reminding us that lace just happens to require a great deal of precision, concentration and memory, in order to keep track of the patterns. It's just one instance of Leslie lying even as the truth sits in front of her. Moments later she will do the same thing, saying "I swear to you, I did not write this letter."
Blu is more of the second type, so stylistically it doesn’t tend to resonate with me as well. This is more of a personal preference thing, and not a reflection of the quality of the restaurant.
That would really suck.
Colour: <U+2605><U+2605><U+2606><U+2606><U+2606> - They are too dark for my eyes ;__;, so they look kind of black :/ (unless I'm out in the sun XD!)
This is extremely similar to the hit Jean-Francois Jacques laid on R.J. Umberger, and Jacques received a three game suspension from Shanahan. It should be noted that Jacques was a repeat offender and Chris Neil is not, but how does that suddenly determine who should and should not be disciplined? If a guy makes a dirty play, why does it matter if it is on a star player, or if he is a repeat offender or if the guy that got hit was injured? A dirty play is a dirty play and there needs to be consistency in the suspension and the fining of players. Shanahan was one of my favorite players when I was growing up, but he has done an absolute garbage job with disciplining players.
For what reasons do you save stuff? What inconsequential objects do you love?
Spice Rub:
Thanks for all the comments last time. I really appreciate them (hint hint).
I quit my job.
You'd honestly have to own more than one to really make any real money.
This I can promise you: the things I hear inside my own head are far more substantial then any other form of spoken love.
Reading, listening to music, doing the ironing whilst watching (these days) interesting programmes on Sky Arts 1 or 2 (I know they're Murdoch-run, but they're really good) and running.
1. High fibre foods take longer to leave our stomach, therefore making us feel fuller for longer, good food then, if you are aiming to manage your weight. This idea may be more complex than just adding fibre to processed food or supplements for example; high fibre foods take longer to eat also, which also may have additional effects on satiety.
This morning I drove 40 miles round-trip through a snowstorm to see my doc, listening to school closing updates all the way. I finally have permission from my doc, as of today, to return to 40 hours a week of work, but no extra hours. That's great, and is an accurate reflection of my ongoing return to good health. But I'm sitting here trying to figure out how I'm going to squeeze 40 hours of work in around the medical needs of those I care for.
The sun is low now, and the light is gold. We finish shooting.
Cheers, Mr M, and massive good luck!
So now all we can say is thank you.
So there you have it, a list of early pregnancy symptoms for you to browse over and be prepared for if you’re thinking of taking the plunge into motherhood! Don’t get me wrong, you could be one of these more fortunate ladies who don’t get ANY symptoms, in which case you’re very VERY lucky!
The match factory was an awful place to work, not only because of the bad pay and long hours and usual bad factory conditions but working with phosphorous caused a terrible condition called phossy jaw The story of the strike is so interesting in itself that it deserves a blog of its own! I am currently reading by Louise RawStriking a Light: The Truth About the Match Girls Strike and the Women Behind it: The Truth About the Match Girls Strike and the Women Behind It However there is a very interesting article here: http://www.unionhistory.info/matchworkers/matchworkers.php
I'm afraid that P took this rather personally at first. The poor guy had throat surgery several years ago and as a result has a shortened soft palate and no uvula. He does sometimes make quiet, involuntary sounds when he eats certain things, and he's rather self-conscious about it. He was a bit insulted that at every single meal his son would turn away from him, cover the ear closest to him, and make angry sounds to cover up his chewing. They had many conversations about it but nothing was ever resolved; P explained that it was hurtful and that he found it disrespectful, C explained that it wasn't personal and he couldn't help it, and neither side was happy (not to mention the stress this put on me, as the person who loved them both and knew they both loved each other and who was attempting to mediate this whole thing)(not to make it all about me, but it IS my blog, you know).
Steroids can have the most dramatic effect on the body as they can leave individuals with multiple problems including stunted growth. The injected substance can cause an internal reaction that sends boosted levels of testosterone and hormones to the muscles instead of bones.
So I have this plan which I hesitate to share because I'm afraid that the minute I share it I will run out of ideas. Many of you have shared that it feels incredibly overwhelming to tackle a whole house and that you would prefer to tackle one room or even 1 drawer at a time. I shared here 6 tips that will help you maintain a tidy house on a weekly basis.
"Then I want to paint a skeleton head on it." he said. "I also want a zombie head on it. And a grave yard."
Located on a 1,500-acre lake in the Southern Blue Ridge Mountains, this island has a four-bedroom, four-bathroom house hidden by the forest canopy. It features a gourmet kitchen, antique pine floors, and covered decks that lead to a private dock. Asheville is an hour away. Atlanta is about a two-and-a-half-hour drive away.
Your apple peels with be all discolored and sad looking now, like the picture below. You can throw them away, or compost them now.
I crossed my legs, still laughing. "He asked where his underwear is," I said. "I sincerely doubt ten million people have asked that."
That night, a child might understand
Roxanne Green was – for a time – the bane of my existence. I ate, slept and breathed thoughts of her for the greater part of a year, right up until the day she made one tiny – fateful – mistake. One afternoon – perhaps bored with my noncommittal responses to her constant taunting – she turned her beady little, bullying gaze towards my little sister. Often in my life (particularly in my young life) I have only found my own strength when faced with someone else’s well being – most often with my siblings – and this was one of those moments. The second that Roxanne turned her attention on my sister I turned into a wild thing. I threw myself at the poor girl; scrawny arms flailing, feet kicking, claws clawing, teeth chomping… the works. I toppled her over and kept pulling on her brillo pad of a hairdo until clumps of the frizzy mess littered the alleyway. The poor girl was shrieking and crying so loud that the old lady in the nearest house came rushing – if hobbling with a walker can be called rushing – to her defence.
Have I ever mentioned that I love TV?
“An embarrassed silence ensued.”
As a newbie pumper, I’ve been experimenting with different site locations. (Important lesson- do not try to place an infusion set somewhere that you wouldn’t give a normal shot). I’ve taken a liking to placing the infusion set in my upper arm. I like the different location and it causes no problem in cooler weather, but is slightly more problematic in warmer weather. Without sleeves, the site is often the victim of door frames, driver seats, sports bras, and stares. Yep- people stare. Some ask questions, opening a dialogue for some good old fashioned education. Or smart-ass responses.
Depending on how you feel about other people knowing about your sexuality, you might want to state that you are being bullied because you are gay. Schools have a legal duty to deal with homophobic bullying, so a complaint should be taken very seriously and stamped on like any form of prejudiced bullying. However, coming out in the middle of an already stressful situation can add more pressure. The important thing is that you get help. It’s then up to you how much detail you offer.
4 tbsp (1/2 stick) butter, room temperature
Oral Presentation at California State University Northridge, Gender and Women's Studies Conference on April 27, 2010
Adding to the growing threat of terrorism is the state’s negligence, collusion and consequent impunity with which the terrorists act. In one prominent case, a key al Qaeda operative and former Pakistan Army commando, Major Haroon Ashiq, accused in several cases of murder and of abduction-for-ransom, was set free from Rawalpindi Jail on March 21, 2012 because witnesses withdrew their testimonies for fear of reprisals, and the prosecution failed to furnish any further material evidence. According to media reports, Haroon is a close associate of Illyas Kashmiri, the founder of Brigade 313, later an operational arm of al Qaeda, and a member of the jihadist outfit Harkat-ul-Jihad-al-Islami (HuJI). With such coloured action, and the visible impotence or collusion of state agencies to act effectively against the perpetrators of the current and rising epidemic of abductions, as well as against the wider acts of terrorism that create its context, it is unlikely that the people of Pakistan – across all Provinces – will secure any early relief from this scourge.
I'm so excited to see what the other bloggers who are involved in this week picked for their projects, and what colors they chose to use! Next up tomorrow is one of my favorite ladies and stylists, miss Emily Henderson who always knows how to work in some good color. Be sure to check her out!
So when we get to Daniel 10, we have a whole new situation. Here’s verse 3:
The LORD is good, a strong hold in the day of trouble; and he knoweth them that trust in him.
With that going on, I had Odysseus run the imp up to my mother's for the day. Much fun was had by all up there, and the pixie had a lot of fun charming the guys installing the new AC unit. She was very good about staying out of the way, and very talkative.
On my part
It’s selfish.
It’s no secret that kids are expensive and that the economy sucks. My husband and I both work, but we decided a long time ago that we’d rather have an extra $100 to spend when we go on vacation than J have yet another pair of new, name brand sneakers. While saving money is great, it’s even more important to us that our kids grow up to understand that consumerism comes with social and environmental responsibilities. Just a few short years ago we could not get through a store – any store – without J’s incessant whining about all the items he “needed.” Now he keeps a list of items and ranks them in order of those he absolutely needs (like sports equipment that he’s outgrown or should be replaced) and those he wants (the never-ending supply of new video games). He’s learned that swapping games and equipment with friends, or finding a used lax stick instead of heading to the mall, means he may have some cash left in his pocket. And he’s getting better at asking himself if he really needs something before he buys it.
Check out 71 Irving, Joe's, Gimme Coffee & 88 Orchard
Which leads us to the papone’s stateside boy… you did know one of the GOP contenders is a roamin’ catchalick front man, right? No, not Dr. Paul, nor the mormonoid… that’s right, Rickster ‘The Saint’ Santorum, whose last name sounds taken straight out of mass in Latin. Spanish newspaper El País had an interesting article on the subject of the Rickster’s close, almost indecently intimate relation with the God’s Work sect, aka the catchalick mafia’s mafia, a virulent strain of old-school Spanish national-catchalickism that has found a fertile breeding ground in the USofA, notably in the Air Force and among Washington DC’s hardcore evangelical players.
He wiped that record book clean!
Sen. Lindsay Graham (R-SC)
I bought two of these markers, RV0000!!! I’ve never experienced sadness until today. I shall color everything pink!!! RAGEEEEE
Many young people learned to ride on my sweet Coni, and then moved on to horses of their own, currently one young friend is riding the Arabian circuit and has done very well with the horse she is currently leasing, I personally think Coni is responsible for that young lady's continued foray into the Arabian horse world give her the sole credit.
young misfits, oppressed characters,
They won’t be enough.
Sometimes the damn thing would have it's tongue sticking out too! Wow, that really made people "stop and stare" if you know what
Good luck making your money tree and keep this idea in mind anytime you want to stand out in your gift-giving gestures.
The three Brisbane Annies - Chloe Thiel, Anita Munro and Xanthe Dunning. Picture: Liam Kidston Source: The Courier-Mail
For decades now, Mother's Day swoops in in May and steals my joy, bringing to my knees as tears fall and I mourn what has been lost. I have dreaded Mother's Day for so long that I have had no idea how to embrace it. I have been blessed with healthy children and being their mother is an honor like no other. I want to celebrate that, yet I've not known how. The void is too big, too gaping and too raw.
Will: Government always responds to
"The violence and protests that we have seen are unprecedented - and it is only going to get worse if the government does not give them what they want. I am anticipating a protracted strike which could go on a for a while," Healy said.
Anyhow. If you haven’t been to this blog before, do say hi (either here or on FB or somewhere). Otherwise I’ll have to think that none of my friends were interested enough to click the link. You wouldn’t want that, now would you?
For the elements on this page, I stamped the map background (tone on tone) at the bottom of the page. I've done this for most of the elements in this vacation album so the pages would coordinate. Then I added stamped words from the Technique Tuesday Travel stamp set along the top and bottom of the page. Once the initial stamping was done, I added pattern paper from the Simple Stories Destination kit that's I've been using on the entire album. After printing and adding the perfect photos, I added some cardstock stickers from the Simple Stories kit to the page ~ (photo corners, a border, label stickers and a big accent sticker). I stamped the date and location of the photos with my Hero Arts alphabet stamps, added a wooden button with twine & then added a "page title" of sorts at the bottom ~ "You are my most favorite memory". I LOVE IT!
Connect with her elsewhere:
I’ve been drawing floor plans for fun since I was 8 or 9 years old when I had aspirations of becoming an architect when I grew up. Laying out the floor plan of our kitchen using the sticker kit was a real treat for me. I figured out exactly what cabinets could fit and what configuration was the best for the diminutive space.
A sizzling debut from a red-hot new author . . .
Subscribe to several offers Rake back! This can be surprising published but registering on several sites you can redeem more serenely bad run and manage your cravings. This can also have multiple bankroll. Do keep all your eggs in one basket!
I should add that even though there aren't any pictures ED worked just as hard cutting out the lapbook parts and making her own lapbook!
bet your bottom dollar that tomorrow ....
In the still sleeping town and set forth.
1 driving
Such a shame Nintendo NEVER said they would actually release this color anywhere, despite revealing it at E3 in 2010. Nintendo does that sometimes. They'll show people something really neat, and then never do anything else with it. Or, they'll release it only in Japan.
I'm so thankful that God chose us to love & raise twins. It is such a special relationship and an awesome blessing & honor! I just love watching these two grow up together!
So, in the spirit of gathering together for the holidays, here are some of the read-aloud favorites from the Graves family:
Also, there are 27 stadiums listed (the Marlins, Athletics, and Rockies parks are excluded). Progressive Field, the home of the Indians, has a card here. So why doesn't it have a card in the 17-card retail set?
That’s it. Good luck.
To take part in ‘Secret Soundtrack’ you will need a smart phone equipped with a QR Code reader and a pair of earphones. ‘Secret Soundtrack’ can be accessed from 1st June to 30th June 2012 by scanning the QR code on one of the posters located at ‘The Deptford Project’ café, ‘Bearspace’ gallery, art supplies store ‘Arch Materials’ or delicatessen cafe ‘Deli X’; all based on Deptford High Street and chosen as supporters of this neighbourhood and community arts.
Thanks for reading, and thanks to all those who give me hope and inspiration every day by persevering in your quiet ways.
So, my friend Holly asked if I would share "my" shortbread recipe (hee hee..it's not really "mine"!!) and blog about it.
Today the children had a half day for their Easter holidays so I am doing one little happy dance. I can safely turn off the alarm and although I will be awake at the same time I just won't be woken to the buzzzzzz of it, have I mentioned before I really really dislike my alarm clock lol.
Perhaps I should have mentioned this earlier.
HCAD Appraised @ $142,085.00
Isaiah 48:6 “You have heard; see all this. And will you not declare it? I have made you hear new things from this time, even hidden things, and you did not know them.”
It would be asinine to argue that something of this nature could not happen in modern Europe when we have so recently witnessed similar events in the Balkans. And it would be simply absurd to argue it in a country which has only fairly recently emerged from a brutal ethno-sectarian conflict in Northern Ireland, a conflict that featured massive riots, ethnic cleansing of entire neighbourhoods, an alphabet soup of ruthless paramilitaries, shootings of unarmed civilians by security forces, collusion between security forces and paramilitaries, thousands of bombings, hundreds of civilians killed in cold blood, no-go zones policed by masked men brandishing AK-47s, the assassination of government officials, and a bombing that nearly wiped out the entire cabinet of the day.
Natural white, like a white wool is actually warmer. If I were working with an antique palette, I'd choose a really pale E40 or W0/W1
I looked into the rearview mirror to see mom walking back to the car. The time had just flown by. Lightning flashed and it thundered loudly. I saw mom visibly flinch and hurry to the car.
equally ludicrous points for the Cock House Cup
Between prepping for the baby and the new semester starting at the school I work at, it's been a hectic week around these parts. We finally got the crib bedding in and the changing table is FINALLY on its way! I can't wait to show you all the finished nursery. Granted, it's not as amazing as I would have liked it to be, mostly because we're not painting. I'd love to do chevrons on the wall or make a gorgeous mural but we're hopefully going to sell the house in the next year and it's just too much of a pain to have to paint twice.
The other three at St Clements range from £550,000 for the smallest, £650,000 for an end unit with a wonderful glass landing and £725,000 for the right hand space which has two staircases and a great first floor living space with original intricate windows.
How do they do this? It is amazing what switching from 2% to skim milk and using sugar-free syrups can do to a nutrition label. All of a sudden, your 2pm excuse to get out of the office has you feeling a whole lot more virtuous.
fantastic group of Sweet 'n Sassy Stamps design team members, past and present, along with some special friends, have put together this fabulous Birthday Blog Hop to kick off a whole month of fun. We have 36 stops so the hop will take place over three days - feel free to take your time visiting each blog! You
So what will I be writing about?
Today just needs to end. I hate feeling like I want to punch someone. I’m not a very violent person unless I need to be. Basically people need to stay put of my way and not piss me off. My music today consist of, Right Now by Korn, and Raise Hell by (hed) P.E.
in the park, a best and fairest. Otherwise live in library books in fantasy lands. What
His hanging face, like a devil's sick of sin;
My Mom graciously accepted the inhumane task of watching the younger monsters and 6am Saturday morning, we took ANOTHER road trip. This time down to Sandusky, Ohio.
Therefore, the more you see that kind of thing happening here, the more you begin to wonder whether something is not coming to an end for us, too. And, of course, that is going to be bound up with the end of everything – because things right now seem to be stepping up their tempo, both in Russia and in America, and in the whole world situation. It looks as though we are heading for some momentous events quite close in the future.
Perhaps what I love most about eating local foods is the lack of packaging and the ensuing reduction of garbage output. The animals and the compost consume all of our food-based garbage and we end up putting out one small blue box of cans and plastic for recycling and a small black garbage bag every two weeks, which we pay a $1 fee for. My goal is to one day be able not to put out that recycling box at all.
Before the end of today, what would you wish to happen?
I think 'fair play' is exactly the right notion for tango. It is play - it is not art. It can, optionally, be sort of competitive, when people feel like it, and that's totally fine and all part of the fun and satisfaction. But when it comes down to it, it's play, and not playing fair doesn't make you a creative genius, it makes you a sociopath, or at least a pillock. It makes you, in short, a cheat, and not fun to play with. You play as well as you can, and if it's better than someone else, everyone respects that. But you play fair.
That “taxpayer money” gets sent directly into what we’ll call a government “holding account” for a while, sometimes years and years before that public project actually begins.
Finding postcards in Vietnam and Hong Kong was easy...all you had to do was
The legendary stork has brought an unloved child in a basket to the American people. Abandoned as a toddler by his father, dumped as a child by his mother on his grandparents, he has been searching for love ever since. And finally he founded it in the initially warm embrace of the foster parenthood of the prattling classes, the politically disgruntled from the previous administration, and all the poor. And being laid in this ‘public’ bed of love and indulging its pleasures to the full Obama will eventually have to pay its high price. As to continue to be the recipient of this love, so existentially necessary for him, his agenda perforce has to be focused in satisfying these three groups simultaneously. That is why his grand social policies of universal health care, education, foreign policy, and climate change, are so important to him. But this is a task for one endowed with superior qualities and Obama has the ordinary qualities of a ‘community organiser’ dressed in ‘ivy clothes leaves.’ And in this inability to accomplish the great change that he promised to the American people the presently smitten with love public for Obama will turn against him and the latter will find himself bitten by the public adder on his path to political failure.
Initially I thought this was an art class. Then I realized she meant "college" and I looked to see the name of the institution listed as XXX Community Collage. She is 29 and has been working in an office environment for 2 years and cannot spell college.
I am also happy and full of love
Now this is my favorite and no prize for guessing what I will be taking this up. As a self professed lover of Dosa, it is my most favorite breakfast, lunch or dinner and in between too. I am planning on making some interesting versions, so join me in the fun!
My Faith In My (website Newt Exploratory 2012)
Laura Sewell is one of the Superfine Dinettes. Laura is also one of the choreographers for the Dinettes’ dance moves at the Mermaid Parade and for other shows at Superfine. She also taught me how to make a mermaid tail which became an activity in MERMAIDS ON PARADE.
I was so sad to hear of the passing of Jan Berenstain. She and her husband Stan created over 300 books in the "Berenstain Bears" series. These warm family stories used humor to soften the message of the teachable moments they contained. The husband/wife team worked together on this series for 50 years. Now their sons are continuing their work.
He hopes to eventually build a kitchen downstairs in the basement when they make enough money.
White Wednesday @ Faded Charm
“Who’s this?” asked Kendra.
Seasons of love.
Left: Cover by Jack Cole
Alice, Ingrid and Zena. That is what they had been called. She turned around and saw Zena’s face in the mirror. Her long nails tried scratched the surface in an attempt to get out.
I really love this DP from The Country Diary of an Edwardian Lady collection ... wild roses always remind me of childhood times ... a very long time ago now ... walking daily to and from school through country lanes lined with hedgerows that consisted of hawthorns, honeysuckle, ivy and, of course, wild roses. I'm ashamed to say that both the paper and the coordinating tag, came free with Cardmaking and Papercraft magazine some time last year ... I've been hoarding it ever since. But in true Use-It-Up spirit I've finally cracked open the pack :) The lace decorated panel is made from a snippet of card left from a previous cardmaking session. The vintage cream lace is from Etsy shop.
trick god's and kick the careless reversals
"Don't go chasing shadows, Arthur..."
The event evolved thus:
I am no shape or form in ready for a bathing suit this early haha, but whatever…I will keep doing what I do best…be busy.
Lee’s coaching knowledge and philosophy is also influenced from his brothers as a child. Lee said he copied how his brothers dressed, wore their hats, and a lot of their actions on the field. He said he learned a lot by playing summer pickup games with his middle brother, Terry, during summers.
Alex and Sonia seem to be the perfect couple. He is good looking, she beautiful; both of them architects with a successful firm and a luxurious lifestyle. The only thing missing from their life is their first child and it is the strain of trying to achieve that final piece of the picture that threatens to disintegrate the foundations of their marriage. It's slightly more complicated than that of course but the idea of marriage as a construct is very fitting for this couple. Alex chose Sonia as a fitting mother for his children, a woman who seemed to ooze success and the promise of a good life together. Looking back on his marriage many years later he realises that 'Sonia was a project ... No sooner had we reached one goal than the next loomed into sight, we were never done.' What is crucial is what came before this logical decision to marry Sonia.
interests of its students and faculty to stay the course and to not sign a
3) Mix the dry ingredients well and add Oil ,apple sauce and beet pulp.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D’Urbervilles – I’ve read other Hardy, but not this one
Adding a little more modern touch to my piece I updated the drawers new some new silver knobs.
That these acts have been committed, that they were deliberate and are resulting in the outcomes I described in parts one and two is self evidently true. Furthermore, the fact that, in combination theses acts, measures and policies have brought us to the brink of a tipping point beyond which, we cannot, as a people, recover, is also beyond question. They have.
Lets say infidelity has invaded your marriage. Your partner is horribly remorseful and you are so heartbroken you are lost. You NEVER thought your partner was capable of such an act. The affair(s) all over. You are being begged for a second chance. You realized that the partner is NOT the person you once thought, he/she DOES NOT have a problem lying to you, this is obvious from the lies to cover the affair(s), he/she obviously has no problem being sexual with another person either. You have faced the facts and you really know the risks now. You see that your partner really does feel your pain. They REALLY seem to feel your pain and they say they figured out that no one else will ever do… What do you do?
“God loveth a cheerful giver” (2 Corinthians 9:7 KJV). How is this verse reflected in verse two of Chapter 25? (“Tell the Israelites to bring me an offering. You are to receive the offering for me from each man whose heart prompts him to give.” (Exodus 25:2 NIV))
To the past.
Soon the afternoon sun rose high into the sky. We looked up on it, and even as we depended on the glowing orb for our lives, we found it strange and foreign. It was warming, but the heat we longed for never came, somehow it lingered just out of reach. As the sun crossed the sky, we followed it down the beach, until the coast shifted and the ocean crossed our path. The distance was too far, and the sun was lost beneath the waves.
Besides suffering from Melted Brain Syndrome, I am sitting here in shock and awe. I am amazed at two things.
One of the most wonderful things about the BFG is his fancy for collecting dreams. In the book, dreams are presented as something alive and pulsing. Hearing about the sorts of dreams the BFG collects - and his ability to mix them together like the ingredients of a recipe - was an enjoyment in itself.
I am attaching another fave from the Nick "ghost" workshop - Gypsy Dream - connecting the Egyptian Gypsy with the Dreaming - and here they are conversing...art as a conversation - mail art conversation...conversing with Redan, Cadiz and Nick... and now cyber Sybils sighing...
In my next 40 years...
At which point they all join in, wandering around on their knees like a cross between Yoda and Dobby the house elf and saying "cup of tea, plant to water, mummy happy" over and over again.
Yeah, it’s not.
It is definitely less classy but that’s not to say that it is entirely bad because heavy-handed shit is like a fun roller coaster ride and hey, we watch shit to be entertained, not educated.
Last Thursday, March 15th, I celebrated my birthday!! I did my best to take a lot of pictures of this significant event in my life. After all, this was my last birthday before I become a Mommy. I have already told you about my Birthday Haircut, which was very exciting. However, I want to share the rest of my birthday pictures with you. I hope you enjoy them!
I am looking forward to engaging with these fantastic teachers once again and I can't wait to introduce our wonderful students to each other.
“See” you there!
The girls turned around, surprised by his urgency.
(Note: For further reading about the possibility of a return to virtue or the pursuit of the civic state, you won’t do better than my personal favorite web zine, Front Porch Republic.)
Do you have any advice for unpublished authors trying to navigating this ever-changing publishing world?
My friend is not very tall and we were a little concerned about the very tall man with bushy hair in front of her. She sat on her coat and was fine, although she did say that the speed of the dialogue and the American accents did make some scenes hard to follow.
We bereft are all struggling to find a way to live with the hole in our lives, with the ongoing sadness, with the reality that grief is an unending (though perhaps diminishing) journey. No griever I have met has said, “Wait! I can’t be happy. I owe too much to his memory.” Grieving is a process, something we do, something that happens to us, but it is seldom the choice that is hinted at in the above example. Quite frankly, we are all sick of grieving, of being sad, but the only way not to be sad is to have our loved ones back with us, and since that is impossible in this world, we continue on as best as we can with our shattered lives. But we owe that to ourselves, not to his memory.
The book itself is intended to support SOA developers rather than SOA architects, SOA designers or SOA analysts. In a mature environment the latter roles would probably have a say regarding the methods and approaches used for SOA development and service implementation. For example, the output of the SOA designer in the form of service contracts or implementation designs is an important input for a SOA Developer. So therefore, one criticism I do have of the book is that these role relationships and the dependency and interaction between them is not reflected strongly enough.
The cover art gives us some hint of the message as it depicts a boy who has quite a lot of toys but is seemingly unhappy. The story begins with:
The new Save Planet Earth totebags are made from seven recycled bottles! It's a pretty cool, sturdy tote, if I do say so myself! I can't believe they're made from old, melted down, plastic bottles!
Once again, another unjustifiable action of behalf of your good friends at the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation! Spying on you for your safety!
Regarding “Why can’t we say ‘Christmas’?” (Your Views, Dec. 25):
All that to say, this is probably why Jonah and I make a good team. I can help him with his anxieties during surgery and he can help me with my anxieties over recovery. Not that it makes any of it that much easier.
I HAVE to make some sort of picture on top of the pie.
2. “immense joy fun cat”
The New Year is bringing lots of changes for the boys and I.
I read somewhere that by wearing oneself in clothes, one converts fashion to style. I prefer to write myself with words.
i love using vintage items in kids spaces. i think add a sense of history and charm. plus, vintage stuff is already all dinged up, so when the kids ding it up even more, it just adds to it's "character".
We started on King street (one of the main arteries of the city that is known for its fantastic shopping), putzing in and out of stores, shopping, exploring and wandering.
Cuttlebug cut and emboss 3" die & embossing folder "TREE TOPS"- 7.00 BRAND NEW
The four year old was using the toilet so the two year old, who needed to go, just went ahead and dropped a deuce on the floor. (That is slang for number two or going poop. I know. Me so hip.) The two year old was doing some yoga pose in front of her pile and the four year old was really quite amused.
Yeah, “largely discards the original’s premise.” As if they’re just warning you not to rent this crap! And yes, this is real; the Highlanders are aliens, complete with a plot about what amounts to saving the world from global warming. Are we still in the same universe? How does this have ANYTHING to do with Highlander? And it’s by the same director as the first one?!? Did he just get a surprise back-alley lobotomy in between films? There’s only a three year difference! What the hell happened? Well, I guess we’ll never find out if we just sit around bitching about it all afternoon.
An emergency supply of Yorkshire Teabags (not a patch on the old PG) was found in a local Delhaize that evening (where it is also marketed as some sort of exotic beverage with a pricetag to match), but everything British I have ever found in Delhaize mysteriously stops being sold there within a month or so, so it wasn’t long before I was back on the Liptons….
I’m unconvinced by Direct POD as a self-publishing solutions provider, as a printer, their quotes are competitive, though, I think they need to look at their hardback print prices, which seem above the sharp end of the print business.
(Original image of T.J. Martley, Ben Leifer, Steve Lambert, Sam Wisman and Matt Otto by Plastic Sax.)
If you've been a reader of my blog, you'll notice my daughter cooks and bakes with me often. It's one of the things I remember doing with my mom growing up and I think it's made me appreciate cooking and baking more than just something that needs to be done. I really enjoy it and I'm glad my daughter enjoys it as well.
Following a car accident during his honeymoon his race car driving character is left not only physically but also mentally scarred and living in fear of wanting to murder his wife. He is compulsive, insulting, constantly flies off the handle and looks a lot like Errol Flynn.
I'm good at "good friend" scenarios because they're out there at arm's length. The questions I ask myself, are these...Is it me that keeps them there? Or do they (on their own) stay there because that is what is "safe" for them?
Anyone? Anyone? Anyways we had Nodding Head Ich Bin Ein Berliner Weisse at Earth and I was pumped to get to try another example of the style. Every Berline Weisse I've had was delicious and this one was no exception. Tart, funky, sour, well carbonated, incredibly quaffable, and coming in at only 3.5% - great, great stuff. Nodding Head makes some awesome beers and this one was the best I've had from them. Didn't like it as much with the woodruff syrup though...
It's my twins' birthday next thursday and this will go over the door.
We have already secured the funds for another iPad thanks to the support of a couple of HEAVY-HITTING donors, and we are inches away from another, both of which we should be announcing officially next week, at which time I will also go over the Random Drawing we did and a few other dangling issues I want to cover.
Ooi said the council’s threat to take legal action against her was an attempt at preventing the rakyat from expressing their views.
The reason I wrote this was that a friend posted on Facebook that she was repainting her living room with a color named Alpaca, which she said was just another name for a neutral beige. I'm not sure when this naming of colors thing started — maybe it was Martha Stewart who started the trend with her paint line for Sears. My bathroom is painted with a color called Sea Glass which sounds a whole lot better than aqua and fits perfectly with my seashore-themed bathroom. But, I've seen real sea glass in all sorts of colors and who's to say that you don't think Sea Glass is a different shade of green than what I picture.
Thursday was our warmest day. It was also our windiest day. After breakfast Collin and I wanted to go take a walk on the beach. And then in the afternoon we played two rounds of mini golf! So much fun! Then in the evening we went back to Rap's for another delicious dinner!
When I cut into it, though, I decided that the crumb looked okay. Too late, I remembered the cake-testing sheets that Woody had left at my house, and I didn't measure the cake's height. Sorry, Woody. Someday I may be more scientific in my approach.
a last priority.
Also, it’s worth noting that Dwight Neuenschwander won the David Halliday and Robert Resnick Award for Excellence in Undergraduate Physics Teaching in 2000. He also wrote the well reviewed book entitled “Emmy Noether’s Wonderful Theorem”.
You can choose any jam you like – I just happened to have my mother-in-law’s incredible homemade black currant jam on hand. I found this particular flavour so complimentary to the cookies, because it’s just the slightest bit sour. I recommend you go for a jam that runs along the same, tart lines as it creates a more sophisticated flavour pairing with the cookies themselves. Think of the final product as a grown-up version of PB&J, even though kids of all ages will go crazy for it. The AB&J – the A is for Almond not Adult. That would be boring.
Regardless, I am still recommending this one, though perhaps not as strongly as I have recommended others in the past. I thought it was a great way to pass the time without getting bogged down in boring details or getting depressed like I have with some books. Let me know if you feel the same after you read it.
Gonzalez and Ramon Labañino —internationally known as the Cuban Five—
Congratulations #128 Lizy! Please contact Abi and Fi using the email link in the sidebar and they will arrange for you to get your prize.
Goodbye old friend. We shall not see your like again.
When I went to visit her, her skin stank, her stoma around her tracheotomy was bloody and dirty, she was in a tiny warm room with no fan or air conditioning, she is not allowed in a bath, she is not allowed to go out for walk, the staff don’t know a cough assist, which is terrible, as a cough assist is VITAL to her care, not knowing how to work this is unacceptable because if something happens and they don’t know, Emma could die!!!!! She has a cut on her neck after the nurses put a string on her skin with no sponge underneath resulting in this terrible cut!!!!!
3) Istanbul has the highest rate of unibrows per capita in the entire world.
Stephanie and Clifford
God does give peace, the Scriptures say so. But the Scriptures never say we should make decisions by checking our “peace-meter” to see if it is measuring high enough. “Peace-meters” are often inaccurate — God’s Word is not. Many times, when people say “God gave me peace,” they are merely taking God’s name in vain, speaking it meaninglessly, claiming some kind of God-authority for decisions that He manifestly does not approve.
And, given what today is, Spirit Day, and why this occasion has come about, I think not only of the hope that all of us wish and hope impels young people at risk of suicide to not take their lives because “there’s always hope,” nonetheless it is disheartening when all of the hope and promise of youths are cut down in their prime in such horrific ways because hope wasn’t enough for them. As Spes herself holds the blooming flower, so too have the dying youths often been memorialized as flowers. And in such situations, where hope is the last thing in their minds, I think Spes herself weeps, and joins in the words of the Tebtynis Papyrus in relation to the flower-heroes and Antinous as she looks at the dying flower in her own hand, “Someone will gather garlands of lamented names, and will lament more the youth of the dying men.”
It was a long bridal show and Brian's booth was literally the last one we visited (it happened to be in the corner in the end opposite of where we started). We saw a lot of cake vendors and I'm happy to say his booth was definitely the most unique and I'm sure really stood out from the others.
Unfortunately, the inmates second favorite weapon after the prison made shank is a lock in a sock. That is something that will get you all sorts of unwanted attention. And maybe 3-8 more years in prison.
As I listened to this testimony my thoughts drifted back to what I was pondering prior to arriving to this event. The people in the streets in New York City, Boston, Washington D.C., San Francisco, Portland, Harrisonburg and Minneapolis, among others, that are blocking traffic and chanting about corporate greed, ARE chanting about the corporate greed of the very same companies that are behind these crimes against humanity. And while OWS may not be outright saying that they are fighting for the human rights of the indigenous people in Guatemala and other oppressed peoples all over the world, any thoughtful person observing Occupy Wall Street could extrapolate that this is part of the message.
* University of Rochester, New York (USA)
Common Sense lost the will to live as the churches became businesses; and criminals received better treatment than their victims.
Bella: "Whatever."
Sometimes I need to rustle up a quick card to send off to a friend - I must admit that I'm one of those people that remembers birthdays and special occasions at the last minute. Other times I'll send a little something for those occasions that can't be planned, like when I hear that someone has an interview for a new job.
Cook for 10 minutes, until just barely beginning to brown. Let rest for a minute on the pan before removing them to cool on a rack.
Just click on the buttons and be whisked away to a world of inspiration!
Maybe, when this wedding is over and done with, I could begin a new career–I could become a wedding-planner and help other brides-to-be realize their dreams. Or maybe not.
break more hearts,
3. Johannes P. Louw and Eugene Albert Nida, vol. 1, Greek-English Lexicon of the New Testament Based on Semantic Domains, electronic ed. Of the 2nd edition (New York: United Bible Societies, 1996), 164
The address of this special restaurant – that offers Persian food – is as follows:
Ken instantly surrendered himself to the Force and let it direct his body. Gripping the Duros’ waist sash with the hand he’d had on the man’s back, Ken simultaneously pulled with all his might, while pivoting on his heel and lashing out with his right hand; the walls of the skyway were doused in brilliant green light as a blade leapt from one end of his weapon. When he leveled his stance, Ken was standing face-to-face with their masked attacker.
Hello! My name is Pamela and I am one of the gals who works for Thea at Thea's Interiors. I am here one day a week and have a great time helping customers, rearranging small displays and dusting, dusting, dusting! The rest of the time, I am a stay at home mother, lover of art and design, avid traveler and gardener. I also love to do projects around the house like sprucing up an orphan piece of furniture found at Goodwill! I"ll be joining Thea in posting once a week.
You will have to let me know what you think about this one! I love these fun colors and am thinking I really like this card! This stamp is becoming a fast favorite....I know....I have alot of those don't I? :)
Mix dry ingredients in one bowl.
Yeah, I'll miss summer but for now I'm enjoying the cooler air that arrived a couple days ago. It's refreshing to walk outside with the pups in the morning and feel the chill again. For as much as I love the heat of summer and being outdoors I think I like fall even more. I know that Toby, Allie and Charlie appreciate the cooler temps for walking.
However, I found it impossible to track down index card filers. The only ones I found had the alphabet on them, so I made my own, using regular file folders, and cutting them to size (you'll want to make the tab part smaller too.)
But, if scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology are to be believed, then this will revolutionize a human’s state of being.
“You don’t have any other choice sweety. There is no other way of getting out of this cell except from the key I’m holding in my hands.”
About 2,100 workers in Tulsa were targeted for layoffs in parent company AMR Corp.’s bankruptcy restructuring plan. The contract offer reduces that number “significantly,” a union rep tells the Tulsa World’s D.R. Stewart.
Wednesday October 3
"He may, in other words, have found his intellectual solace not in political ideology of any sort but rather in the false-reality fantasies of writers like Philip K. Dick, who all but invented a science-fiction genre about how the powerful have the rest of us living in a dream world in which we are manipulated. The most commercially popular version of this worldview is The Matrix.."Like Loughner, PKD had some mental health issues, although it is not clear he was schizophrenic. However, he never would have had anything to do with dreck like The Matrix if only because he knew the second law of thermodynamics. The Matrix was inspired by continental philosophers like Jean Baudrillard. So Heidegger should take the blame for the shooting.
William-Finally showed his famous latin chest and mid section. Cheryl is a pro, she knows what she’s doing! William can certainly move his hips, which is all he really needs to do at this stage in the game. A good dance, he was very much in command and confident with the rhythms and the movements. His PR team is highfiving all around.
So that your No Deposit House has been up for sale for months and you can no more make home loan repayments on your own aged and brand new houses. You’re eager to marketplace like the desire to generate losses. Right now might be time to consider making your personal Bad Credit Home the actual rent-to-own property. Also you have a 100% finance option from the Vendor Finance Home.
Red and White: A Roman Colour Symbol by Phillip L. Thomas points out how in the Latin literature used red and white metaphors to symbolize life and death. Through blood and bones, roses and milk, roses and bones, poppies and lilies, wine and milk, etc.
p.s. Will the 3 winners please send me over your names and email addresses to pass on to Erica please? Thanks!
Chatting to Kevin later at the Penguin stand, he asked about my own writing and observed how critically important it is to realise one’s writing only improves by writing and then writing some more – and also, to keep submitting. He said if he hadn’t been published by Chicken House when he was, he’d have kept writing and submitting until someone had offered him a contract, even if it took forever. It is, after all, about pursuing and fulfilling dreams and goals.
The really chilling fact about this story is that his persecutors are the online commenters in Saudi. Some 30,000 tweets, mostly condemning him, came within 24 hours. A Facebook group has been set up to demand Kashgari's punishment (and Facebook has not taken it down). There are 20,000 members already. Some bloggers, it's true, have defended him; but they too have been threatened by the more orthodox contingent.
So the Democrats got more than a strict split-the-difference deal, though only because they’d already followed the Obama administration’s lead in letting states trigger off while their unemployment rates remain abnormally high.
Remember this adorable couple? A little while ago, I was lucky to become part of a special group of the most creative and talented women I have met in a while. We share one common thread, our love for Prince Edward Island and a desire to showcase the talents that exist within it. We combined out passions to create a styled wedding shoot showcasing the beauty and uniqueness of our island. I was lucky to be the set designer.
I've used the owl stamp from Sarah's Woodland Whimsies stamp set and used, die cuts from Nestabilities, a punched border, punched leaves and used a Dymo labeller to punch out my sentiment.
I finished my first "design" for a couples wedding shower my mom is hosting... I did 2 and Mom loved them both and Calvin (my stepdad who does that stuff for a living) was very impressed with my photoshop skills! Hahahahahah sorry that was me rolling on the floor. By photoshop skills I mean it was the first time ever working with the program.
I see,
Their imitation having miserably failed for three decades, most of the self-made gurus of ISKCON have been humbled by kala to now state it is Your Divine Grace alone who takes everyone Back to Godhead, except one of the original eleven. It took decades of debate and discussion for them to even concede that Your Divine Grace is the siksa guru for everyone in ISKCON. The fact that it took decades to accede to Your Divine Grace even your foremost siksha position in ISKCON alone goes to show how deep routed was and is disease that has crept into the movement of neglecting Your Divine Grace. But having got addicted to the intoxication or rasa of jivas surrendering to them, they are unable to come out of the trap entirely and have now settled for a compromised position as unqualified small time gurus who are not pure devotees (pre-empting disciples from shocks of future fall downs). But Your Divine Grace has said:
I have mentioned before how great a cycling trip to Bloemendaal aan Zee via Haarlem is. If you don’t have it in you to ride the whole way, the train is your best option. You can take a train from Amsterdam Ceentral to Zandvoort aan Zee, it takes close to half an hour and costs roughly €9 for a return trip. From here you can walk along the beach to Bloemendaal aan Zee. All along the beaches here are beach bars with deck chairs and day beds for customers. A few ice cold Heinekens with your bare feet in the sand is a day well spent!
The Ontario government is in debt and wants to use gaming as way to generate millions of dollars in additional revenue to help balance the budget. Ontario Place has been shut down and the question is does it make sense to locate a casino in the big city of Toronto and in particular, Ontario Place? There are those bloggers that believe Ontario Place was shut down to create a place for the casino to be located. The issue raised by bloggers is centered in the City of Toronto but has repercussions for other centers all across Ontario that currently are licensed to operate casinos such as Orillia and Niagara Falls. Blog entries are motivated by those opposed to the plan and by those who are skeptical of the Ontario government plans. The gaming industry, reputable individuals, those impacted by these plans, those citizens who are opposed to the expansion of gambling, and angry citizens of Ontario who are fed up with the liberal government are all blogging about the decision to expand casinos to larger Ontario centers. The news media, major communication companies, and concerned citizens spreading their views by word of mouth, are all responsible for expressing their viewpoints on this hot topic.
After this stage of editing is done I'm going to beg some people to read the whole thing and see what questions and misconceptions I need to clear up. I will also see if they spot the (probably many) deliberate mistakes I make to see if they are awake.
This is the man, a europhile to his core, who believes there should be an in-out referendum in the next parliament. "If it were held", he tells the pompous John Rentoul, "the European cause would win, and the sceptics would lose all purchase on British politics for a generation".
And sink into its own delight at last.
- comes with Serial and model numbers,the LV dust bag,care booklet,LV cards.
I am a fantasy writer. I’m not sure why, perhaps it’s because I’m part of the Harry Potter generation or perhaps it’s because I’ve always been a bit imaginative… Who knows… I’ve never really been able to write anything fully grounded in reality. God knows that my English teachers have given up on trying to improve my analytical writing. They always announce puzzlement at the contrast in coherency and skill when it comes to comparing my analytical and creative writing.
It presents the Obama administration a real challenge. The US will have to balance its commitment to human rights and its vital interests in a productive and strong relationship with China.
Step One: You call your insurance company and make a claim. They send out an adjustor to verify the damage. “Yep,” they say, “you’ve got damage for a covered risk (fire) and we’ll issue a check for replacement cost” (because you were prudent enough to purchase replacement cost coverage).
Quince and Apple Sauce (from Preserves, the River Cottage Handbook 2, by Pam Corbin)
Megg: Thank you so much for having me!!!!!!
He continued: “I cannot believe that there is anything more or anything different that I could have done and that would have been more successful.”
from the woods. Listen. That was the last straw.
I’m not sure if I’m going to be live tweeting or not. I usually like to watch Game of Thrones live (no commercials) and then watch TGW right after (to fast forward the commercials!) Plus, when you live tweet, sometimes you miss things and I hate that. But I do love watching it live with my peeps. So I will let you know.
This bunting or banner...whichever you prefer to call it. It seems to capture everything that summer ought to be. The granny chic fabrics conjure up sunny summer memories. If heaven had a lemonade stand...you bet it would be trimmed out with this!
The Blueshirts then struck again. Rising up as if on que, the Rangers' leading regular season scorer cashed in on a crafty play. Marian Gaborik netted his first goal of the second season with three and a half minutes to go in the second period. After a fake, a hesitation, and some fancy stick handling, Gaborik slipped an (unassisted) puck passed Craig Anderson for a 2-0 Rangers lead.
Wednesday, May 9; 3:45 PM – 5:00 PM
I placed their hands like that in this portrait because often I find they play such a vital role and say so much.
But the Ward 8 councilman says he isn’t a survivor. Instead, he describes himself as “one of the most successful elected officials in America.”
* We need to score on the power play!!!
Nowhere has this vengeance been more tragically demonstrated than Afghanistan and upon an innocent and terrorized civilian population that bears absolutely no responsibility for the events that led the United States to invade and occupy the country over a decade ago.
Your head is very important, as you lose 50% of your body heat through your head. A helmet is designed to keep you cool in the summer, not warm in the winter. A fleece liner inside your helmet will keep your head and ears warm during winter riding.
This pot has been abandoned for so long, looks like Torenia has made it their family home! The whole pot is full of them. Wondering why there is a hole? I dug out a batch of the bigger plants for my sister. She refused to take the whole pot! She said, "a little of this will go a long way"! She's right!
A shadow fell over Dickie. He turned and blocking the sun Chuck stood over him. Dickie jerked and fear gripped him. Chuck had a weather-beaten plank at his side. It looked as if it was something that fell from a train years earlier.
- Occasional Daily Digests called "Blogspotting" will replace what was known as "updates" .
My grandmother introduced me to Hot Dog Soup years ago. Her original version was delicious, easy and very kid friendly. Since I can never resist tweaking recipes to make them healthier, I changed this one a bit. My kids love it, and it's still extremely quick and simple to throw together.
*Took my first shower today since Friday morning. The hot water felt heavenly. Yesterday I washed my hair in the sink before church. Doug had to help so I could keep the towel wrapped tightly around my shoulders (it was still freezing cold in the house at that point.). First I got my hair wet with the frigid tap water and quickly shampooed. There may have been very loud shrieking. Then Doug rinsed it for me with warm water we heated on the camp stove. Ahhhhh....sweet warmth! Although the clean hair was nice, cleanliness really isn't THAT important when it's that cold. Turns out I might rather be stinky and warm. I'm kind of a wuss that way.
The nurse called me back, gave me some dosing instructions for children's Benadryl and was just about to get off of the phone when she asked if he was having trouble breathing.
I have many hobbies and interests. I am involved in paranormal investigations – I have been studying the paranormal and metaphysics for more than 40 years. In the early 80's, my stepmother and I took a class together about the paranormal – many of the ghost-hunting techniques featured on today’s reality tv shows (Ghost Hunters, Ghost Adventures, Paranormal State), I learned a long time ago.
I've been drawing again - this time I've done a few images which I really needed for my own cards and hope you'll find them useful too. I send a lot of Get Well cards, and needed some images which could be used for both male and female cards. This one is "Bunch of Grapes" and I've already coloured it in green, dark red and purple and am pleased with how it looks.
That's right, exactly what the title says. ACNE. T.T I'm sure this is a extremely serious problem for girls. D;
Christmas At The Creek
Did you have a turning point in 2011? A point where homeschooling became easier, or conversely, more difficult?
Shu Uemura eyelash curlers (normal and mini)
We will going to our lash lines with this. Just go on the corner and then drag the purple on the lash line and go the same to the other eye. Then we will take virgin which is the new lip gel from still Glamorous Cosmetics.
We can talk about ideals, standards, morals and ethics, but let’s face it – getting them 100% right every time is for future, better policy and maybe even human evolution. Right now we need an understanding and resolution to the problem at hand. Should you, or should you not, reveal all the relevant data when it is yet to be published. You want to share all your data with the peers, but you also don’t want to risk the full ownership of your work. You don’t want others to take your ideas and publish before you do, but you also come to the meeting with the hope that you will gain from others’ ideas/comments about your work. The concern is even more acute when you, like me, come from a developing country where implementing the ideas can be slow, for a variety of reasons. I have heard people talking about sending an abstract to a meeting only when the manuscript is ready to be submitted. Is this the best we can come up with? What about the data that is exciting but has not become a full story? Should you present a new method or a new transgenic animal you invented but you don’t know what to do with it? What if you had wonderful beginning in a project, but you are not able to take it to the end point? Is it alright if others can take ideas from your work and take it to conclusion – after all this will help science and the society?
Tears of catastrophes.
I normally use my spoons and don't hang them on the wall .Not sure if I ever would.
But I'm feeling the need to create again and I've been thinking of hosting an apron swap. However I'm not sure if there would be any interest. I there is I'll be more than happy to get one started. Let me know.
0130-0200 - The Hounds Below
Thanks for hanging in there with us!
Next Week: Heart-Shaped Box
While face detection implementation in DigiKam is pretty good, there is a lot of scope in improving face recognition in DigiKam. My primary objective will be a successful implementation of a more robust algorithm for face recognition with a better accuracy rate than the current implementation.
This story is about a family whose members just want to live their lives in their own way without bothering anybody else. There's Martin Vanderhof (aka Grandpa), his daughter Penny and her husband Paul Sycamore, their daughters' Alice and Essie (who is married to Ed Carmichael). There's also an assortment of other characters, some who live in the house and some who don't.
Cranberry marker
The morning is the best part of the day, everything is just coming into focus, birds are usually singing, and it’s just the best way to pace your day. Tired in the morning, I understand most people are. Not a morning person, okay, that’s fine, but you have to work on that, harsh, I know but being a morning person is pretty important.
Peter loves to cook (and eat too), so they named each table after the famous chefs. We happened to be sitting at the Giada De Laurentiis' table, where Giada is one of my favorites! And for each place setting, they gave each of us a little grater. It was really cute!
The strongest beers called Scotch Ale or Wee Heavy? Wee Heavy doesn't appear until the 20th century. The original - Fowler's Wee Heavy - was actually called 12 Guinea Ale. That still appeared on the labels in the 1960's. Wee just refers to the bottle size, a nip. Heavy just means strong. The strongest may have been called Scotch Ale in England, in Scotland they were sold as Strong Ale. Or 6, 8, 10 or 12 Guinea Ale.
That's why one or two stop by
And lest you think that we have been ignoring our blog while on holiday, I will let you in on a secret. Emma has been busy photographing like mad the entire trip, for an upcoming series of posts on the blog featuring knits made by my mother and grandmother in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. Be sure to stay tuned, as the Southwestern theme continues! And remember folks:
Here's the next couple of months worth of drawings for the upcoming Daily Life Calendar. I started writing in the (very rough) accompanying text in the sidebars of the drawings too. Sometimes it's hard to see where I'm going before I get there, Ha-ha-ha!
But I cannot help remembering an earlier time, when my body was full of youthful vigor and my heart and mind were full of romance and I went running to a friend's house in the middle of the night to celebrate what I thought would be the wedding of the Century.
WARNING: Several references to puking (i.e. the liquid laugh, spray the puree) are made in this post. And I can think of only one person who will truly appreciate it. Stop now if you’d rather not know.
A storm is coming and the Avengers must unite once again to save the Earth and the Worlds from death and destruction at the hands of their greatest enemy Thanos, the deity of Death. As the Avengers are out numbered in every way possible their only hope is in the form of a single SHIELD agent who died at the hands of a Frost Giant.
Afternoon my lovelies
A member of the People’s Assembly shall represent the whole people, and his/her commission may not be defined by a restriction or condition, and shall exercise duties under the guidance of hi/hers honor and conscience.
in each other
Short burst of stress helps us deal with a crisis in our life, this is known as the fight or fight reaction
Are we also conditioned to obey? I thought bitterly.
We plied the length and breadth of the town and had some snacks on the way, and eventually roosted by night.
But every once in a while, a query would stand out. There’s no rhyme or reason to it, but they nearly always follow Jenny’s guidelines to a T. Those stellar books were worth hours of slogging through the queries pile. They made me rush to the “Fwd:” button and zip a copy off to Jenny with glee and then I’d wait by my inbox salivating, hoping I’d get a chance to read the novel in question.
It’s easy to lie about dead bodies. It’s also easy to count them.
I started to paddle out to meet a giant wall of water that seemed to keep getting bigger the closer we came together. At that point, I started to think to myself, “Can I even duck dive this f***ing thing, or should I ditch my board?”
See, to me, the Outer Banks are a somewhat mystical place. On most coasts, you stare out at a (presumably) wide expanse of ocean. But on Hatteras Island, you stare out at the Atlantic (to the east) and the Roanoke Sound (to the west). On cloudy days, the sound itself can appear almost like an ocean, so that you feel as though you're standing on the last strip of earth on an otherwise watery planet. (Okay, so that's a little whimsical, but if you've been there, you'll know what I mean.)
John Bunyan was a terrific follow-up to the version of The Pilgrim’s Progress we read last week. This is another of Christian Focus Publications’ Trailblazers series. The books are wonderful; narrative biographies of important Christian figures with fictionalized dialogue. The story quality really makes them an engaging read for the kids. We all learned a lot about the life of John Bunyan – a preacher who spent much of his life in prison. Bunyan could have walked right out of the prison, had he just agreed not to preach. We had some great conversations about God’s call on our lives, the role of the Church and the State, and true worship. I was excited that the story fit so well with our English Civil War focus as well.
1 1/4cup of sifted confectioner’s sugar
If you could have three guests to dinner, (living or dead) – who would they be and why?
Needless to say, you bet I was excited to hear about the Thoroughbreds for All Event- On the RRTP site,”Thoroughbreds For All! is an evening of education and fellowship for people who favor off-the-track Thoroughbreds combined with an invitation for equestrians to shop in Kentucky for the Thoroughbred of their dreams.” Stueart Pittman of the Retired Racehorse Training Project, and the most recent display of the ex-racehorse proving it’s aptitude and train ability in the Retired Racehorse Trainer Challenge, with New Vocations Racehorse Adoption Program hosting the event, put together what was described as a combination of market and education.
We set off this morning, and were soon heading down the Red Bull flight. At one of the locks were was a pile of flowers, soccer scarves, etc. Apparently a 19year old Stoke fan had tried to jump the lock with fatal consequences back in December. As much as people want to pay their respects, this laying of flowers and artefacts is spreading and in this case how long is it before it all ends up in the lock and around someone's prop?
We are so happy to announce the return of our Crystal Occasions Ultimate Wedding Giveaway!!!! We are doing things a little differently this year but we are looking forward to an even bigger and better contest.
“None of our kids have ever ended up on the dole,” says Tanya Phillips of the roughly 300 players who have performed with the orchestra. They have gone on to a diverse and broad range of professions – musical and otherwise – and have taken up community positions in voluntary capacities.
With a gorgeous name to match it. If you're in the mood
Flaked hot smoked salmon-as much or as little as you like
So today I got a break from teaching and got to do some learning. After figuring out who is going with who next Monday for the field trip, Tom started into the Responsible Alcohol Management Program (RAMP) training.
If he had stood down a while ago, as he had promised, Nick Griffin might well have gone down in nationalism as someone who laid the groundwork for the party’s ascendancy.
Friend: Why do you have 3 rings?
Because it's horrible and tacky.
Tarot consultations are $50 for 30 minutes (otherwise $60), $80 for 45 minutes (otherwise $100) and $100 for 60 minutes (otherwise $120).
Peters told the deputy his neighbor gave him permission to scrap the aircraft parts, however, when the deputy interviewed his neighbor, the neighbor said he never gave him Peters permission to take the aircraft parts.
Dialogue: 6,0:00:53.95,0:00:56.34,Default,,0000,0000,0000,,Doesn’t that describe you, Houtarou?
2. Understand the plan of salvation
I am tired, too, after a couple of weeks of late finishes and early starts.
bouncing, sliding, gyrating, with drivers becoming increasingly irate and actually driving faster, on (and in) the treacherous, slidy, slickery mush that sucks at tires, like quicksand, and throws you spinning, like gravel.
Anyway, this was bizarro SNL: the Short was a (relative) disappointment, and the cold opening and monologue were highlights. De Niro was looser than in his previous stints as host, but he is still one of the stiffest hosts ever.
4. I need ________ number of sales a month to hit my monthly sales goal. #2 divided by #3 = #4
Anybody see an opportunity for tech-friendly physicians?
After Ana, Bill and Claudette, the twisting tail headed north, skirted Bermuda and aimed straight for the north Atlantic, round the Pentland Firth and down through the Moray Firth to blast Aberdeenshire.
—Float!: Building on Water to Combat Urban Congestion and Climate Change by Koen Olthuis and David Keuning (Frame). When David Keuning sent me a review copy of this book he joked that "offshore architecture has been relatively depleted of its novelty over the last few years"—an accurate statement, as images of floating buildings bring back strong memories of the architectural blogosphere circa 2005.
We don’t always have hours to be putting towards a goal in any given day. But, we can take 20 minutes to take a baby step and then get back to our busy lives.
With a range of mixed emotion,
Yes, he has endorsed Mitt Romney for president, though his expression when he does so has all the spontaneous pleasure of the star of a hostage tape. He cites President Barack Obama’s failure to work the levers of power to accomplish change–intriguingly, he contrasts Obama not with a Republican president, but with Bill Clinton–and Romney’s understanding of the free market and job creation. (Huntsman was animated in scorning Republican candidates who called for a hard line on China or protective tariffs–notions that Romney has enthusiastically embraced.)
We were reminded that what we are fortunate to be doing is something others enjoy supporting and following. The local club was excited to see us down there. It's amazing the difference when we are viewed as the new Australia crew. As athletes three of us have spent plenty of time down at Carrum but yesterday the excitement towards us was a noticeable change. It was a great reminder because we are now preparing to compete for our Country on behalf of a wider community and it's something we are proud of and will use to support us.
This year we decided to take a little outing to see Cars 2 and out to dinner but nothing much else for the 1st. I did however manage to make some yummy Nanaimo bars for tomorrow to throw in a little taste of home. I made these a time or two, every time with a new recipe. This year I think I found a keeper! They taste rather close to the real thing!! I found it here. I made a few adjustments-
Food cravings: none
Kelburn’s Derek Moore introduced his Cart Blanche. It had suffered a bit from being jugged up from the cellar and is at the lower end of an acceptable carbonation range. It does look a little drab next to the frothy lager and the opalescent wheat beer, but tastes more complex than the more approachable beers from WEST and Harviestoun. It’s enjoyable once you get used to the woody, earthy bitterness of it.
I just read some wonderful truths by Stephen King about revision:
And to think I took this pic at night
CHICAGO – The Board of Directors of The Three Arts Club of Chicago (3Arts) announced today that on June 8 the board voted unanimously to sell the 3Arts building at 1300 N. Dearborn and establish a grantmaking foundation with the proceeds from the sale.
Hip-hop Hooray. . . .it's CHALLENGE day! Are you as excited as we are? We had another great time last week and enjoyed all the wonderful entries we had for the Easter Parade, Bunnies & Bonnets challenge. So many fabulous entries. We'd like to thank each and every one of you for taking the time to participate and creating such lovely eye candy for us.
Originally from Montreal, I now consider myself a Calgarian. When I first got here in 1990, Calgary’s population was around 625,000. As of 2011, the City of Calgary had a population of 1,096,833 and a metropolitan population of 1,214,839. Calgary has seen a lot of growth! What really makes Calgary unique is its Stampede which is held every year in July. It attracts visitors from all over the world. The Calgary Stampede was started in 1912 and that makes this year even more exciting as we will be celebrating our 100th year!
On the other hand, I gave the lenses a 4/5 points because I feel that it does have a 15 diameter enlargement effect, but it doesn't enlarge your eyes too much. Once again I'd say the specialty of these lenses is the vibrant gray color.
Another of those infallible proofs of the physical resurrection is the fact that He ate with His followers. Refer back to Luke 24:43. His disciples gave him a piece of broiled fish and of a honeycomb, “And he took it, and did eat before them.” One must have a physical body to do these things.
Recently, things have been bit better and I thought it high time to give my geriatric muscles a bit of a work out. This was going to be a pretty minor excursion, but I was keen to sleep out again: somewhere high, somewhere quiet and with a view.
Another thing to note. Always buy your trotters from the back end of the pig. Not the front. No joke.
'Confer' is derived from the Latin 'conferre' which harbours three meanings: to compile, to bestow and to compare. Inevitably, as a first collection, 'to compile' is particularly resonant, encompassing as it does the peculiar practice of gathering together and ordering one's poems.
Rice: If you don't know the rule of thumb of rice its simple. One cup of water, 1/2 cup of rice. Bring water to a boil, turn heat down and add rice. Cook for about 20 minutes with lid on. I add frozen peas and corn to steaming rice once its cooked and close the lid.
I’m not saying these things don’t happen.
DUKE: This 'bot has a bad motivator. Look!
I was 12 when I saw my first dead body with COD massive hemorrhage secondary to gunshot wound to the left carotid artery. Damn, that entire line with those big words sounds so intellectually intense, doesn’t it? Having lost a couple of close male relatives due to unexpectedly violent causes, I would say that staring at a dead body with a bullet hole beneath its left ear and a Y-shaped incision along its center is of no consequence to me. I don’t cry at funerals and I am not good at giving eulogies. However, the regrets that surface because of the suddenness of it all leave me awesomely dumbstruck. Words of affection you could’ve said, kind hugs you could’ve shared, and smiles of encouragement you could’ve given… they all sound so cliché and corny but, at the end of the day, these actually do matter, don’t they? You only realize it when someone’s unexpectedly dead. So what’s that realization for now? Years pass by and you have to think really, really hard just to remember what his voice sounded like… or maybe you got premature Alzheimer’s disease.
What have you accomplished this year, what are you harvesting, what are you putting down to grow anew?
I can't drink much when I play - you wouldn't want to hear the results. But during my second break, when there was only about 35 minutes left to play, I did sneak into the tasting room.
Outstanding trait: Eager to bring others to Jesus
How much do items cost in the store? The items in my store cost from one cent to twenty cents. You'll have to just guess for your first store set-up but then after you see what the hot items are you can price based on what the hottest items. If you want a general idea- pencils are two cents, plastic rings are five cents, cheapy party favor glasses are twelve cents, glitter pens are eighteen cents in my store.
it…then in gud speed u will have th@ wc u
I guess I wasn’t prepared for her to be so accepting of this change. Every little bit of independence she loses, she fights. So, I was surprised at this. And I felt pain. I wondered at why I found myself crying, as I headed to the store. I realized that this was exactly how emotional I was when I weened my children. After breast-feeding, I knew it was time to switch them to supplement bottles. And when they so quickly responded to a bottle, I was totally unprepared at their willingness to replace me with plastic.I had secretly hoped that they wouldn’t want that ‘false sense of security.’ I was so attached, that this seemed too easy for them to just, ‘let go.’ I realized that the failure of my mother to fight me, represented the same. It wasn’t her letting go that was so hard, but me.
least opened my eyes to other possibilities for if this stuff
As much as I enjoyed the Hunahpu's the Arctic Devil really blew me away. It was just damn amazing. Not to say the chili and cinnamon in the Hunahpu's weren't really well integrated and well used though. Really, both were impressive and I certainly wouldn't be upset to drink either again. This time was also quite a bit more controlled than last time which was nice. Made for a much easier Thursday.
white patches of connective tissue. To our children’s eyes,
Serano calls for an end to a movement that centralizes the rights and concerns of female people. Serano, a male, also claims that people of the female sex have no common class experiences based on sex.
My mate and I did nothing on Valentine’s Day, but we did it together. And now tomorrow I will have one more irreplaceable thing to mourn — nothing.
Pow pow
The system-wide corruption within the Metropolitan Police in the 1960s was supposedly partially cleaned-up.
11:00am
and partly because I don't like my hips.
I confess that my dog-thoughts are the result of living with a puppy since Bright Monday. We are daily rejoicing and struggling with the consequences of his dog nature in the environment of my human house. He is learning and I am learning. Given my propensities, I cannot help but theologically reflect on it all.
I guess with that being said, from all of us here at the Color Throwdown, we wish you a very, merry holiday and a happy new year!! It's been an awesome year of challenges! See you in January!!!
ATTENTION!! Want to be featured in a Reader Space edition? Have an awesome organizing story to share? I am looking for projects that have made a positive impact to your life. Please send your story and photos to iheartorganizing@gmail.com and I would heart to feature them right here, on the blog!! Photos should be high resolution and unedited. Please include a description of the project, including any costs, inspiration, and how it has changed your life and routine for the better! Oh, and no worries my friends, we will NEVER judge "before" pictures because that just wouldn't be nice! Only love goes on at this blog!
The Solar Flares
Petitioned thus, Parik<U+1E63>it gave Kali: places of gambling and contest, places of drinking, places of sexual promiscuity, and slaughterhouses.
The Prize will be 4 digital images of the winner's choice.
and she comes to you light as the breeze.
Meanwhile, boil water in a pot. Add the noodles and stir them first. Cook for about 6 minutes or follow package direction. Rinse them under cold water. Drain the noodles. Cut the noodles if you desire.
The freedom of the mind, the source of every generous and rational sentiment, was destroyed by the habits of credulity and submission; and the monk, contracting the vices of a slave, devoutly followed the faith and passions of his ecclesiastical tyrant. The peace of the Eastern church was invaded by a swarm of fanatics, incapable of fear, or reason, or humanity; and the Imperial troops acknowledged, without shame, that they were much less apprehensive of an encounter with the fiercest barbarians.
imagination in quite a big way. Then there's the way people
However, a key component of this is linking the networks, so be prepared to do far more social networking than you had been.
Of my Beloved have I drunk; and when I went forth
What is the big deal in this world of ours. Do these ultra smart people in this world today really think that they know what is best for all of us? I don’t think so at all. I think they are all pretty ignorant and don’t know which direction they are heading at any time. Why are we supposed to live this half life where everyone has to save oil and electricity and water and everything else around. Why not just enjoy what God has provided and get on with our lives.
“Fury’s Seven” is a 2012 American comedy-superhero caper film. It features an ensemble cast of the world’s mightiest heroes. The film was a success at the box office and plans for numerical sequels, “Fury’s Twelve” and “Fury’s Fifty” are already in the works.
Which do you prefer sweet or salty? Or both at the same time? Almost always, I prefer salty. Especially cheese. With crackers. And salty fish. And nuts. This is my downfall when it comes to keeping my weight under control!!
Does this misunderstanding tell us anything more profound?
We hopped onto HWY 280, took the HWY 85 North interchange and exited on Shoreline Blvd. to visit our next stop...
It looks more like a fine ale than any such beverage that my feeble human mind could ever conjure-up - even in it's very wildest imaginings.
Why It’s Working: By investing in people rather than ideas or business plans, Echoing Green has empowered more than 500 innovative individuals to turn their visions into a reality, ameliorating social ills in the process.
Funny thing is, I actually heard a sound tonight that I can only describe in the same way. I'm visiting my cousin, and we attempted to make au gratin potatoes in the oven. Strangely enough, within 5 minutes of putting the oven-safe dish into the preheated oven, KaSMASHo!
in different states
Position Title: RTC Intern
Last night, I went on a date. With myself!
Roses – My dad has always loved growing roses, so our house has been surrounded by bushes of every variety and color for as long as I can remember. They’re a gorgeous flower that is difficult to grow in a rough Montana climate, but my dad patiently coaxed hundreds of them back to life after a long, brutal winter.
And of course if anyone from Mulberry fancies sending me of their delicate rose gold babies I would look after it so!
Megan (that’s with a long “e”) Bostic is a mere human trying to find her place in the universe. Despite the rain and gray (she’s truly solar powered) making her extremely angsty, she’s lived in the Pacific Northwest her whole life, and still does, with her two crazy beautiful girls. You can find her Chronicles of an Aspiring Writer on Youtube, or find her on her website, Facebook, blog, or Twitter account.
We read books.
I think I came across this quote before the other Coco Chanel fashion statement, but I am not sure.
Yet, God had plans for me!
A gilded shell
SAMPLE ANSWER: Explain the concept of specified complexity and Dembski’s explanatory filter, then explain how it applies to (i) amino acid sequencing or the double helix, OR (ii) to the sudden origin of animal phyla in the Cambrian explosion.
The latest reports on Emma state that she is suffering from a genetic fault that inhibits her ability to process vitamin B2 and other vitamins from her diet so she has been put on a vitamin B2 treatment.
Silver Agenda Earn 3 stars
God has been, oh, how should I put this? Dealing with me on this. You see, it is not that I haven’t had the time to write that post. It was written up the same time as the first post. And it is sitting in my “drafts” box. I pulled it up a couple times last Wednesday and just couldn’t hit the “publish” button.
The Brother 7840W – Should This Printer Be on Your Christmas List This Year?
-Jim Webb
“Am I dead??” I asked myself.
1 ideas
My Miraculous Provider is Awesome! I give Thanks for the Remarkable Presence and Power that gives me LIFE! I Am a Miracle! I Am a living Miracle! I Am a Loving Miracle!!! Thanks God!
Just a mention before you go (If you haven’t already). Following the next two weeks I will be starting a full-time career as an illustrator at an animation company and thus will have less time to be blogging everyday, which I suppose hasn’t really been happening already. (congrats old man) Maybe no large difference in the end.
When I was in the last year of my first marriage and going through a very difficult time, I was just trying to get through each day. There was a book that had been published that year (1998), “Simple Abundance” and the author is Sarah Ban Breathnach.
I also pulled a chair out of a dumpster. I'm not sure if it will find a home elsewhere, but I saw it turned over and fell in love with the rusty legs. It's a very good thing that I have a pickup truck.
The juxtaposition of silly ghost and worse demons is jarring. Silly ghosts don't scare anyone. Demons from war would. This kind of writing makes me wary.
So I stopped my car on the way back home through the forest, and picked armfulls of branches of orange and yellow oak leaves, and then stopped by the shops and bought some chrysanthemums- I love the smell, and the pompom-ones are so great looking ( just like pompom Dahlia's in late summer ) - and some roses, to make an Autumn table setting before we start with all the Christmassy things...
She is offering one of A Year of Jubilee Readers a necklace like the one I reviewed, with your own names of course :) I want to make sure you can get this for Mother's Day so it will be a little shorter of a giveaway than I typically do. Make sure to tell your friends and family about Jessica and her Etsy shop!
Unfortunately for Freddie, he has fallen in love with you and Freddie being Freddie, I gather it is not easy to reason with him or yet encourage him to consider how he might be able to help you. It may just be possible to get through to you though. I do hope so.
Michael Gerson -- who was one of George W Bush's writers -- was really good. W's speeches are as good as JFK's -- I'd even rank them higher.
Blue (12): Anna's game "Places of Power."
ARTIST: The Who
Money disappeared and little was spent on actually training the troops to use the new stuff, or providing funds to maintain the high tech stuff.
4: Lots and lots of cheap used vinyl out there and tens of millions of titles with many that will never see the light of day with CD even after 30 years of CD .
From my two weeks, I came to a couple of conclusions.
John Dewey, American philosopher and educational reformer, believed that “democracy is more than a form of government; it is primarily a mode of associated living, of conjoint communicated experience.” We are not autonomous individuals, we live within a society. As a society we must evaluate what we collectively value. Are highways and schools important? Yes, then the people should build highways and schools. If we value the humanities, sciences, and arts, then our society should have programs in place that foster their development. America doesn’t have a strong tradition of supporting the arts and changing this won’t happen over night. That is why organizations like the Junior Committee are so important. We engage our demographic, give voice to those who often feel marginalized, and take action. When we work together we can build a brighter future.
Alas, by the time I made this decision, I discovered that that particular screening, at Village East Cinemas, was sold out online. However, I still had a shot at getting into it by waiting on a rush line an hour before the screening's official start time. So, I decided to take a chance on it. And...
And then I woke up one day and you were gone.
Then everyone would know. That I'm pretending these days. That I'm anything but okay after I lock my apartment door. That I keep half expecting to suddenly see him when I turn around. That I barely sleep these days because my mind, heart and body clearly want to be awake and elsewhere. The moments I chose to carefully treasure in my mind, frame by frame. Him. Me. Us. Lustrous beads of sweat.
So. Balder - son of Odin and Frigg - is loved by everyone. The god of light and beauty, his face glows; he is handsome, gentle and wise. But he's troubled by dreams of his death - so Odin sets out on his eight-legged horse (as you do) and meets with a seeress. The news is not good - there is no avoiding Balder's fate.
the “longshore” or “dory” fisherman, who returns at nightfall.
fundraising purposes. HSUS is a "Fundraising Mill."
I've made hundreds of blocks as well as hundreds of quilts from these blocks and these were a major part of my quilts donated for the Victorian bush fire quilt appeal in 2009.
In other words, just substitute the “r” for an “s” at the end of each word.
Something that is really causing much alarm is the fact that people don't want to send their kids for music lessons any more. They all have various reasons: No time, or it's a waste of time, too expensive, the kids have too many extra mural activites, too much homework, no time to practise....I can write down at least ten more excuses, 'cause that's what they are. Lame excuses. I do realize that in some cases it's true and I can understand that not all want to learn an instrument. The losers are the children and their children, for the value of playing a musical instrument is greatly under-estimated!
In the second place, beside all that, such faithless, disloyal, perjured folk commit a still more horrible sin. They make themselves partakers of all the abominations and wickedness of the Turks; for he who willingly goes over to the Turks makes himself their comrade and an accomplice in all their doings. Now we have heard above what kind of man the Turk is, viz., a destroyer, enemy, and blasphemer of our Lord Jesus Christ, who instead of the Gospel and faith, sets up his shameful Mohammed and all kinds of lies, ruins all temporal government and home-life, or marriage, and, since his warfare is nothing but murder and bloodshed, is a tool of the devil himself.
I suppose all bloggers by nature, even if they are introverts in person, are people who want to be noticed. We're all metaphorically screaming with our posts "Look at me! Aren't I the greatest. Aren't I special? Don't you LOVE me? My opinion is important, dammit!", and that is just those of us who aren't the middle child in our families. I have never met a blogger who doesn't want their posts read.
“We also listen, but we will not listen to everyone that coughs and sneezes. We decide based on (the) majority. Not just because of one or two people only. Whatever we do is based on the majority and the majority is for us to decide,” he was quoted as saying.
“You ask a kid in Moravia, what was the first thing that Fillmore bought with the money he saved from working when he was young? They’ll tell you—a dictionary!” she says.
*Disclaimer: I was given this product complimentary for testing purposes from Colgate-Palmolive via Influenster.
China has a long way to go when it comes in granting equal rights to transgendered persons.
Basically, there isn’t a really good cinema less than 1½ to 2 hours drive away. So these days we mostly wait until the DVD has come out before we see any new-ish films.
Clown feet!
A route through a heavy wood with muffled steps in the darkness,
When the morning group broke off into three focus groups, the teacher group began by sharing stories. Not ten minutes into the guided discussion, one of the teachers from the south, an ELA teacher, leaned over and mouthed, “We need to talk!”
So Stalinism and screwing up the Middle East are ok again, but the cosy violence of your local yokel bobby is not. Instead the Russians have to put up with armour-plated sacks of steroids with guns that work and a licence to park their giant motorbikes in the crack of your arse.
Then I realised the problem - I was justifying the moments of hate my characters go through. He's being nasty? Well, that's just because XYZ. He doesn't really hate her.
“Once you put that down, you better be able to defend it,” Ray Ramirez of the Native American Rights Fund told The Daily Caller on Monday.
(that you broke my wings so I couldn’t reach.)
The plot of the story has all the usual twists and turns. Bertie is trying to help his Aunt, her daughter and his friends at the same time and he wants to do it without taking help from Jeeves. He actually comes up with nice ideas but somehow ends up in worse situation every time. In the end when everything is going wrong, he turns to Jeeves for help who once again manages to bring the situation back to normal but extracts his price by managing to burn Bertie’s jacket that he had not liked.
nesting
Oh, Peter!
We're really grateful to Annabelle for her efforts and for her very helpful post. If you want to sign up and get selling - or buying - head over to Green Metropolis now!
I Never Knew Your Name
I'll update as soon as I can, I promise.
Bang per buck isn’t just about alcohol content, it’s also about how good the lout is and this lout really is top stuff for the buttons being charged. There is no such thing as bad cooking lager, it is all good, but some arguably is better than others. The way you decide this is by necking everything that is cheap and deciding for yourself what you like, and I really quite like this one.
“Moneyball renews your belief in the power of movies.”
Upon Nikola Tesla's death on January 7th, 1943, the U.S. Government immediately moved into his lab and apartment and confiscated all of his scientific research - including his work on Wardenclyffe and research on the ionosphere.
Let’s focus our attention on how to make legal immigration work and stop illegal immigration.
Cut your selected piece of fabric out to cover the bottom of your plate extending about 1-2 inches all the way around and set aside.
I buy a lot of digital goods and services but I’ve noticed that there is no consistency in pricing. For example I subscribe to Rdio.com and pay $4.99 a month for access to millions of songs and albums. Yet, The New York Times wants $15-$35 a month for access to just one newspaper. $60 a year for 15,000,000 songs versus $180 for 365 issues of one newspaper – can you spot the obvious bargain?
Who gains from such a tactic? Definitely not the memory of those children or those left behind who the Norwegian police are employed to protect.
2. Talk About Other Job Opportunities
it a target, the more you are going to miss it. For
When a bird flew in through the French doors, quick to recognise its mistake;
Last night I was perusing news stories online and came across a video that literally brought tears to my eyes and made me miss my husband so very much.
Given the subject matter, I knew I wanted to be evocative yet not overt, if for no other reason than to avoid angering a particular set of folks (and their lawyers). I also knew I needed something which would look good when reduced to thumbnail size, so “simple yet eye-catching” seemed to be the rule of the day. After seeing how that could be done to great effect, such as with John Scalzi’s forthcoming novel Redshirts, I doodled around for a bit, came up with a basic idea, then did the smart thing: I hired somebody who knows what they’re doing. The result? Behold:
Sounds like a plan to me
SEMPLE who was
So this is the purpose of Lent. To deprive myself of external things that only seem to give me what I want and need, in order to be less distracted from the true source of love.
But I think the real inspiration came when I started playing musical instruments. Piano was the first. Unfortunately during my lessons I was tutored by a drugged up old granny with scarecrow-like fingers and she constantly smelt of a wet carpet that had a bunch of livestock living on it.
Mark 8:31
And in that binding of the self too pure was her matter earthly
They are both just too adorable and way too perfect for each other. Now, if only they’d realize it. ;)
First up, these gorgeous John Derian decoupaged trays and plates.
Act like a challenger.
Anyway...Glad I stopped in, and I do apologize for not getting this up sooner. Thanks, Ben!
Penninn-Eymundsson are book and stationery stores situated in many areas across Reykjavík and throughout Iceland. These stores stock Icelandic and foreign books, stationery, giftware, postcards and so on. At Penninn-Eymundsson you can find everything in relation to books, writing and gifts. There are also branches at Kringlan and Smáralind shopping malls.
Helm anchored the band with his unique vocals and minimalist drumming. And don’t forget his acting: he was wonderful as Loretta Lynn’s father in “Coal Miner’s Daughter.”
Mace 1 blade
If you want a fun game to play, this is it.
The honor of the title, RPG Site of The Year, is partnered with a list of spectacular prizes. I definitely want to express my gratitude for the sponsors of Stuffer’s Shack contest. Q-Workshop provided five sets of their amazing dice, which can be conveniently held in the dice bag provided by Dragon Chow. Long-time readers of the blog will recall that I interviewed the creator of Dragon Chow, Lindsay Peters, last year. And I also reviewed the custom Iddy the Lich dice bag she created for me.
I do want to draw attention to the numbers. There are more white recipients of food stamp benefits – now aptly named the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program – than there are black recipients. However, relative to their size of the population, African Americans disproportionately receive the benefits. It is a boldfaced lie to claim any group, white or black, can cause budgetary disarray if even 1 percent of that group fraudulently collected those benefits.
The compression ratio of the engine is rv. Actually, this is a volume ratio. It is the ratio of the volume in a cylinder when the piston is at the bottom of the cylinder to the volume in the cylinder when the piston is at its top position: rv = Vbottom/Vtop.
The truth of the matter, as aggrieved libertarians have been saying for years, is that Spencer was a thoroughly benign classical liberal. Yes, he coined the phrase “survival of the fittest” (a term Darwin embraced), but contrary to generations of propaganda, he did not oppose charity (he celebrated it at great length), did not advocate the mastery of superior races over allegedly inferior ones, did not believe corporations should ride roughshod over the poor (he supported labor unions), and was in fact a great foe of imperialism and a champion of women’s suffrage.
and keep going after they have all gne,
Really handy for super simple table decorations, by the way.
Even if you think someone was mean to you, being mean back is not a safe way to handle the problem. Instead, get help from an adult you trust.
After you visit the spillway, head back up the dirt road (past the trailhead) until you reach the West House, the structure for which the trail is named. According to the Greensboro Park & Recreation site on the West House Trail, the house was built between 1815 and 1820. The website also mentions that the house has some decorative “Flemish Bond” brickwork, which is relatively rare in this region.
4) They come in ridiculously long lengths, perfect for windows (unlike a 72" shower curtain)
The hillside's dew pearled;
September 17 Café Eleven – St. Augustine, FL
4And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about to write: and I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not.
I haven’t spoken to her yet, spoke to her Mom and got minimal details, but I know she’s really hurting. It took me out for almost two days myself. It brought up all the painful memories of losing my previous animals, made me thankful for my little minpin buddy I’ve still got, but mostly I just felt so bad for my friend and wished I could take her pain away.
These instructions require patience for the antics of others and determination to get the job done. It’s not a bad idea to get something inanimate to take your frustrations out on, because often getting your data successfully removed or changed will require the good faith of the person you’re dealing with. Things are not likely to go your way the first time around.
It blends the colour in at the same time of application so is very quick. However, due to its size, it gives me a larger area of blush than I prefer, as a result of this I find I am using this more for powder and bronzer.
01. Intro - Let’s get ready (prod. by San the Instru-Monumentalist)
With the latest storm that moved in today, visibility was down to almost nil a couple of times through the night. Quite a few drivers cancelled tonight which left us with about a third of the fleet on the road. I was late getting started, but once I got my cab cleaned off and ready to go, thats exactly what I did...straight out all night long!
Why people paid more attention on a suicide bomber killing 10+ soldiers rather than this disaster destroying the world??
Now extra tight and tense
On some Saturdays, I love to lay around and be lazy. I like to stay in my pjs and not shower or put make up on or do my hair. I get up a minimum of five days a week and do my hour and a half morning routine and I get tired of doing it. So I should be able to take a day off from that and just be myself, yes?
before you died?
2. How did you/will you know you're with the right one?
Easy to blame when u don't want to change or grow
While Acts 1 tells us merely that Christ went through the clouds, chapter 2 is more specific about the destination of Christ and the significance of His departure.
So, I just wanna say... The A to Z Challenge was awesome. It was my first year participating, and I'll definitely sign up again next year!
Aahhhh my memory has been jogged!
If you get into a car accident in Camden, the city’s chief of police has this advice: Don’t bother calling the cops unless there are injuries or blocked traffic. Likewise, don’t call about vandalism. Or minor thefts.
State: Libba Bray’s crazy mind
YG97 1
The sad thing is that it devastated a good portion of that side. I went home, got my gear and headed to the place. I found this compo interesting as the little plane on the upper left hand corner was just coming out from the columns of smoke and it emerged out giving e the opportunity to include it in the scene.
I love that Spanish is easier to think in, speak and write than English.
The first thing that struck me when I read this excerpt from John’s gospel was the willingness of people to follow Jesus. But as I read over these few verses a few times, Nathanael’s words kept jumping out at me. “Nazareth! Can anything good come from there?”
And this little quilt belongs to me...it's a little one but after using the red and white I've decided that I want to do a scrappy red and white sampler...guess I need to start collecting some fabric...
Government to phase out modular GCSEs from 2012
It’s a game that has been used to pass time in long lines quickly or just to play for the heck of it.
The kids, recognizing that this would be a neat photo brought great spirits to the project – although to be perfectly honest, my kids bring good spirits to all of our projects. By now they are used to “mom’s crazy ideas” and they good naturedly go along knowing that at the very least, it will always be an adventure.
2. Wainscot paint: Acadia White (AC-41); Benjamin Moore.
Jesus describes Himself as the “light” so that we no longer live in the darkness of this world. Jesus came to show us the way to the Father. Once we know the way, it is up to us to follow Him. If we do not follow the Light of the world, then we condemn ourselves. It is not Jesus who ever condemns us – it is our responsibility. God is love. Jesus did not come to condemn the world, but to save it.
The curtains are blowing in the open window, breeze wafting in from the outside, carrying in the loveliest of fragrances from the Italian countryside that is rolling peacefully in the distance. What is it? Freshly crushed grapes? Possibly. Or perhaps I am mistaking this scent to be something more fantastic than a simple air freshener designed to fan a subtle smell into my quarters without my noticing. Is the window even open, or is it just the air conditioner that's making the fabric of the curtains billow so whimsically?
I didn't pursue the comment as I suspect a cash flow problem and didn't really know how to say it, but I would have planted the field for them and they could have paid me when ever they had the money. It is not the people who tell you up front that they are low on money that rip you off! Plus, I'm sure they had a tank full of diesel that they could have filled me up with, so it would not have actually cost me money.
(Fight Crime: Invest in Kids, 2006)
this technique is really easy and you don't need anything special for it - just a few bottles of glimmer mist, a glimmer screen and left overs from your birthday candles.
Thrown into the nuthouse, Briant becomes Bosie to Frankenstein’s Wilde, helping the Baron with his latest bodybuilding project. Screenwriter Elder, having played fast and loose with series continuity in the past, now makes amends by giving the Baron those injured hands last seen in CREATED WOMAN, and having him attribute the injuries to “a fire… in the name of science.” Of course, regular viewers will recognise this as a little white lie, or at least a grotesque distortion. But it allows us to conclusively place MUST BE DESTROYED earlier than CREATED WOMAN, although a case could then be made for CREATED WOMAN coming after this one, but let’s not go there.
America Patchworks is collecting 1,000,000 through local quilting stores to give to needy and hurting children & adults. The store in Bluffton IN is one of the stores you can take pillowcases in to, and they will get them to the organizations. I took in 3 the other week that I had laying around my sewing area.
In a weird way, the facts that I’m going to miss this place and that I’m sad/feel weird about leaving here make me happy. Those are things that I hoped I’d feel when I started out – because it seemed to me that those would be signs that the semester was worth it. Signs that I had had an excellent time. They are also things that I didn’t feel right away and got upset with myself for not feeling. I have some perspective now and a new way of thought and I don’t get caught up in not feeling how I should feel because maybe there isn’t a right way to feel. And maybe the people who tell me that there IS a right way to feel are wrong. But whatever’s right and whatever’s wrong, this is how I feel and this is what I know: I’m completely conflicted.
Bob Dylan – If you See Her, Say Hello – Bllod on the Tracks (1974)
Lord and God of my fathers, rend my heart in beauty and in pain. May my tears pour forth when a child is abused and may they pour forth as well when a rainbow graces my vision. In Braveheart the fighters were called “warrior poets” and that is what I want to be. May evil men know that I will not sit idly by while they carry out wicked plans, and may the smallest children and the weakest adults know that I love them and fight for them as a crying warrior sustained by the rainbows and sunrises of his creator.
My shopping list is…. well, put it this way… my bank balance is going to hate me once again XD
So six months without seeing the dress and no taksies-backsies can make a gal go a little silly.
The strength of a father's arm and hands carries that lovely burden with such ease, the baby feels totally relaxed, her head cupped in this big warm hand with great tenderness.
March 15, 2012
Overcome with despair, Marlin leaves Dory and begins to swim back towards his home. Dory then loses her memory and becomes confused, but meets Nemo, who has escaped into the ocean through an underwater drain pipe. Dory’s memory is suddenly restored after she reads the word “Sydney” on a nearby drain pipe and, remembering her journey, she guides Nemo to Marlin. After the two joyfully reunite, Dory is caught in a fishing net with a school of grouper. Nemo enters the net with bravery and directs the group to swim downward to break the net, reminiscent of a similar scenario that occurred in the fish tank earlier in the film. The fish, including Dory, succeed in breaking the net and escape. At this point, Marlin is no longer overprotective or doubtful of his son’s safety. After they get home, Nemo leaves for school, accompanied by Squirt (Crush’s young son), an exchange student.
As came the new song, Le Tour du Monde d’un Gamin de Paris… (The tour of the world of a boy from Paris)
Now you may well have rightly guessed from this that the dozen or so submission packages I've sent out so far have not yet hit pay-dirt. In fact, the response has been consistent in its anonymous negativity. No, I'm not taking my bat away in a huff not will I rant that agents are short-sighted. (Because they're not.) And I have a long way to go as I've only begin to scratch the surface of the W&AY. But the auguries are not good. But, like the way people get in a state about idiots on the internet, I have decided to shrug it off. Not because of complacency or superiority. So far, nobody wants my second novel. But it's no big deal in the bigger scheme of things. I'll keep going but if all avenues end up as dead-ends, I'll finally know if this latest offering needs more work or impaling with a stake. So what? My writing output is infinite as long as my health holds up.
Have you seen this movie? If so, how did it affect you (without giving away too much of the story to those who haven't seen it yet)? What movies do you watch each year to help you focus on the meaning of Christmas?
In May, de Soto and his men reached the Mississippi River, the first Europeans ever to do so. Desoto named the River, The Rio Grande de la Florida, meaning " The Great River of Florida. But the Native Americans in their wisdom, continued to call the river, "Mississippi Father of Waters". Stunned by its size but scarcely aware of the importance of their discovery, the Spaniards moved quickly to build barges for crossing - not only to avoid conflict with brooding locals, but also to continue their relentless quest for riches.
-We had 7 diapers. Cotton Babies and Kelly's Closet are my favorite cloth diaper websites so far. We purchased our diapers from there and a few came from a local "green" store that carries cloth diapers. Some diapers were purchased with our own money, some with gift cards, and some were given to us as gifts.
Actually it was Flo's Diner Dash.
I've saw this phrase on a bumper sticker "What Would Jesus Do?" It made me think, since it's a good question. What would Jesus do? Personally, I think very little. The choices were made long ago and things were set in motion. There is no mandate of faith or service. It's up to you and it's a choice of whether the anarchy of constant war is more important than the hope of constant peace.
Illamasqua Fatal in crease & blended outwards
Cost: $11 per person
I'll never need anybody's help in any way
These little guys-- did you play with these when you were a kid, too?
says Von Luger, the good German Kommandant.
- The phrase ‘Don't get your Knickers in a twist!’ is commonly used as a way of telling someone to calm down and not get angry.
Bringing Up the Bottom:
Like what you see? Consider becoming a follower: RSS, email or Facebook. (Psst, I'm posting sneak peaks and more frequent updates on my Facebook, so if you don't want to miss anything, like my page!)
I guess those are Gaines’ three biggies.
Then last but not least is my 2nd sponsored child :) He is special to me because on the last day I was in the village, I went around and met all the families that got a tank as part of our "Water Tank" project. While meeting the family across the street, George spotted a little boy and called me over to the driver's side of the van. He told me that he had been trying to help this little boy, whose Mom & Dad had abandoned him and who was living with his grandmother. He had already been raising money to buy him clothes and would really like to get him in school. George asked if I thought I could get a sponsor for him and I told him that he was looking at her :)
I'd love them in a little girl's room as well. And they come in every color imaginable so you're sure to find just the right shade to coordinate with your room. Bonus: They're just "up the road" from me in Boone, NC!
A smile that's brief and very slight.
You lay quietly in the warm nest of bed, listening, hoping it's just someone lost, asking for directions. In a moment, your spouse calls your name. You know from the tone of his voice, that something is wrong.
I must be a great host.
and the thought is intimidating,
I decided to make two pizzas this evening, and still have two dough balls for more tomorrow if we want it. I asked my wife to make some dough in the bread machine at about three o clock so it would have time to prove.
Friday at sunset, the eight-day celebration of Passover begins.
Facial Blushing – Causes and Cures
Well, the L is capitalized on that bottle too. I guess it is supposed to be like that? It’s not like that in my teacher’s manual. Of course, it doesn’t say in my teacher’s manual that Christopher Columbus slaughtered the Indians as soon as he got off of the boat, so you know, whatever.
Grandma and Grandpa sold their land to a grocery store in the 1990s, and they spent their last ten years or so in a neat little ranch in the suburbs. It was a nice place for them to be, but I never felt it suited them. When Grandpa died (of a heart attack, right there in the house), Grandma began to lose her hold on reality. The dementia had already started before Grandpa died, but it seemed his death accelerated it. She spent another year or two in that house, with my mom and my aunt taking care of her, swearing Grandpa and his friends were playing cards under the bed. When my mom and my aunt simply could not care for her anymore, she moved into a nursing home, where she died. I know it's not what my mom wanted. But what could she do? That time comes for everyone, eventually.
In my line of business (I'm a PR) image is important and its not like going to a traditional office where you can wear smart suits and a good trip to Next can sort you out. The girls in my office are into cutting edge fashion, they are out most nights partying and a far cry from my world of screaming toddlers, sleep deprivation and the juggling act of trying your very hardest to hold down a full time job, act the role as a yummy mummy (I hate that term btw!) and remaining calm and collected and in control.
Here's a skirt-based outfit that made the grade for the walk to work. The skirt is dense and holds its shape well; thus there's no need for a slip, either for opacity or to prevent the skirt from clinging to my legs. To me that makes a world of difference, because half slips make an outfit feel like they're in need of constant adjustment. You've got multiple waistbands to deal with, and then you have to make sure the slip isn't hanging out at the bottom of your skirt hem or twisting around in some awkward way. I want to start experimenting with full slips under a skirt and top, because I think that might be a better option. There are so many things you never notice about outfits until you have to walk a long way in them.
Our last big hike, and my personal favorite, was along the river Skógá (near Eyjafjallajökull) We started at the base, by Skógafoss, slowly making our way up to the highlands. The weather was perfect: lots of sunshine but not too hot. And the view, well, I’ll leave that for you to judge.
Independence, Missouri: The “center place” where the New Jerusalem would be built and the Savior would return. Near the Garden of Eden. A temple was to be built in Joseph Smith’s generation in preparation for the Second Coming of Christ, but persecution by evil non-Mormons thwarted the work of the Lord, and the gathering place was moved north and east. At some point, faithful Mormons expect to be called to abandon their homes and their worldly goods and gather to the New Jerusalem.
Rejecting the bourgeois notion of art as a unique commodity, Hearfield’s images were widely dispersed in posters, book jackets, pamphlets and magazines, using mass printing technology.
lives are filled with indecisions
…that’s it?
we've come a long way, baby!
Results were gleaned from observations of 1,670 women who worked during pregnancy, of which 68 (four per cent) were exposed to either welding fumes or metal dusts or fumes.
So probably Dad went for good.
Confidence isn’t necessarily something women look for in particular in boyfriends, husbands, or fathers, but confidence inspires respect in just about everyone. And it more often than not inspires sexual attraction in women. People like leaders. We follow leaders. Leaders are confident.
...all things visible and invisible...
We're not told what flavour they are. "See if you can guess!" Mrs Pig Flyin' challenges us. There's a moment of thoughtful silence, interspersed with the occasional sigh and appreciative murmur.
Suit yourself—I happily sport all of my Northface jackets. You never know when you’re going to end up on top of a wintery mountain or need to go hiking for berries...or make an impromptu visit to Smurf village…so I will definitely be prepared.
Wow seriously? It's GUM surgery yo. How intolerant can people get? What others do to their bodies, be it plastic surgery, tattoos or excessive makeup, that's THEIR business and none of yours. As long as they not not hurting others, let them be!
We lurve editorial as it's
CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND PREVENTION (CDC). Prevention and control of influenza: recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices (ACIP). MMWR Morb Mortal Wkly Rep 1999; 50 (RR-4): 1-28.
A ship carrying 490 Sri Lankan asylum seekers reached Canada in August 2010 after being turned back by the Australian Navy in May. An asylum seeker boat has never reached New Zealand.
Thing is, if I hadn’t been so hyper about it, I probably would have been absolutely content with the day in the first place. It was low-key, relaxed, no pressures. Filled with stuff I love (books, friends, naps, food, coffee, walks, time in my garden, laughing until I cry). A rare occurrence during this busy wedding season.
But about that child,
So Ticketus only have a contractual right against Rangers. This will give them only a claim in insolvency if Rangers go into liquidation.
Capt. Brian Hickey, 47, New York, N.Y.
What are you reading next?
As the egg tooth pushes against the shell it creates a small hole in the surface and cracks then begin to spread across it. A day or two after making the initial hole in the shell, known as a ‘pip’, the chick starts to move around inside the egg. As the chick turns around the egg tooth presses against the inside of the shell, eventually cutting a line right the way around. Once this is complete the chick is able to break out.
But (and it's a fairly big 'but'), now that this drink's identity has been dragged out of the closet, it's probably worth pointing out that - as a beverage of this kind - it is a very impressive example.
Like (1)
But other than the thought of, "I want owls", I vacillated terribly.
I love maters.
Given that Lance Spearman and Fearless Fang came out of the Drum magazine stable with its base in South Africa and branches in Kenya, Nigeria and elsewhere I have a hunch that the actor who was my Lance Spearman boyhood hero was probably a South African- that is if he wasn’t Nigerian.
You SUCK!
“CLOCKWORK ANGELS,” the band’s 20th studio album, will be released on June 12th. This is the renowned trio’s first new collection of original material in over five years and their first studio release via Anthem/Roadrunner records. With more than 40 million records sold worldwide and countless sold-out tours, Rush – Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson, and Neil Peart – is not only one of the most inventive and compelling groups in rock history, but remains one of the most relevant.
To a rational person — to whom the sanctity of life is everything — these statistics say it all. I can rest assured that if I haven’t heard from my daughter — far more precious to me than allegiances to a country — she is just busy (or naughty).Reproached by a reader who says that those “who’ve already left have a responsibility to give us hope and not rub our noses in how bad we have it here”, her answer is that as a writer she has “only one obligation and that is to the truth” and her “mandate doesn’t include making people feel better in the face of reality”.
Odd name for the first post on a new blog, isn’t it? After all, I’m typing these words on yet another electronic device, right? Sending them out into a mysterious, virtual reality created by the technology of our day…
My mother was a lovely woman – bright, sociable, caring and stoic. Growing up I thought all parents were pretty much the same as mine; I had no real idea of the luxury I was afforded by having two well-educated, left wing, cultured parents. Not just in financial terms were we lucky , it was also the intellectual luxury. The enjoyment of debate and discussion. Of having a house full of their bohemian friends. The glamour of parties at home and seeing Mum dressed up in her finery to go out. I wish I’d kept her black cigarette holder. I thought it so wonderful and decadent as a child.
Lexie's Creations Anthing goes
I went with this cute image by Whiff Of Joy and colored her in different shades of turquoise. I used the same colors for the backgrounds. I cut out the image and put it on some paper that I heat embossed using white embossing powder and the "Sandy Speckles" Wheel by Stampin´Up. I also added some glitter on the spots. Also the blue paper behind the circles has some glitter on it and to finish the sparkle look I added some rhinestones.
1) Closure
I even started to consider . . . . . . "the chair".
As is common, Paul’s tone for the entire letter seems to be overflowing as he recounts the budding virtues of faith, love and hope (vv. 2-3). Not only that, but the whole of the Macedonian and Achaian region witnessed the power of God in their lives. Paul states matter of factly that the veracity of his gospel is proven, not in the spoken word only, but in power and in the Holy Spirit. It is probable that due to the troubling outcome of his clash with the Athenian philosophers (Acts 17:16-34) he was seeking to remind them of the manner in which they received the gospel knowing that it is this distinctive that will sustain them through troubled times (1 Cor. 1:18-2:16).
LONG LIVE GILT!
